We celebrated my wife's birthday dinner and enjoyed one of our most memorable meals, ever. We shared each dish so sampled six, dessert included. Our salad sounded unremarkable, but the taste (dressing with a hint of ginger) and the texture (crunchy thin fennel, firm fresh blueberries) made it a unique introduction to the menu. We had frogs legs, served on a bed of wilted greens and another interesting dressing that more than made up for the small amount of meat the frogs legs provide. Next came our favorite dish, goat empanadas. These were slightly crisp, golden brown empanadas filled with medium ground, flavored meat -- presumably goat -- served on a bed of garlic, ground almonds (?) and other spices. Again, novel, delicate flavors were complimented by the varied textures of the empanada crust, the meat within, and the mixture on which they were presented. The "diver" scallops were large, cooked to perfection, and served with their own bed of greens and spices. Only when measured against the terrific dishes we had just eaten, did the scallops come out as only average -- solely because of the accompanying greens and spices. We completed the meal with the goat cheesecake, which surely had no goat as an ingredient, but was decadently rich cheesecake topped with creme and drizzled with carmel (cajete), and a serving of pastureized cheese (three sisters) served with two kinds of crisp cracker and sugar coated nut morsels on the side. The place was packed on a Wednesday night, with the bar and waiting area crammed with folks without a reservation. We were seated within five minutes of our reservation (made 1 week in advance on OpenTable -- for the only time slot left available). Other tables of four and six did not seem to be moving; almost no one left while we ate (1.5 hours). That contributed to a noise level I am unaccustomed to in top restaurants. But again, this is a really "happening" place that deserves the hype because it delivers the food. Thank heavens we weren't on a first date, and after 40 years of marriage were happy to just listen and observe the interactions of the many dinners the ages of our kids. The cost was reasonable for the quality of food and number of dishes -- $82 without drinks.
