I loved watching Stephanie on Top Chef and loved it even more when she won. So I'll fully admit being a little star struck when my husband and I recently checked out her fabulous new restaurant -- and she was there. I'll also admit that I went in thinking I'd like it and wanting to like it, but my bias aside, it really is a phenomenal restaurant. The vibe of this place is great. It's a little trendy and I like that it's dimly lit and the bar scene is buzzing. We were there for dinner but I could definitely see going there just for drinks (although you'd probably be compelled to order food, too). We had to wait a few minutes for our table so we saddled up to the bar and ordered a few cocktails. To be completely honest, I cannot remember the cocktail that I ordered, but I do remember thoroughly enjoying it. We were pleasantly surprised that when it came time to be seated, we were taken to two of the four best seats in the house, overlooking the kitchen -- literally. It's like you're at a counter service joint only better, and the line cooks like to chat it up with whoever is sitting there. It was such a fun experience to watch them work their magic. And, as I mentioned, Stephanie was there completely watching over everything. I was very impressed to see her expediting and interacting with the staff and at times, customers. Onto the food... everything was wonderful, so I'll just touch on my favorites. The sauteed green beans were by far one of the best dishes we had. Green beans? Yes, green beans. They didn't even really catch our eye when we were perusing the menu, but they came highly recommended from our waiter, so we decided to give them a whirl. So happy we did. They were really outstanding, which I'm sure was due to the fish sauce vinaigrette. The grilled beef short ribs with edamame were also very good. When they were served, we were told that Stephanie really wants you to get in there and get messy with them, which is good, because you kind of have to. I don't recall ever sucking meat from a bone at a restaurant before, but I did. Didn't want to miss a single bit! Other dishes worth noting are the crudo with crisp pork belly and the smoked goat pizza.
