Chicago "top 10" - Signature Room makes this list 100%. We LOVE Chicago! 1. John Hancock building on Michigan Avenue. Instead of taking the tour for $$$, just go to the 98th floor signature room restaurant/bar. On the 99th floor is a bar where you can order an appetizer and enjoy a great view. OR, the Sunday Brunch on the 95th Floor Signature room is AMAZING with a great view. It is a bit pricey, but it is worth it for a memory you will carry forever! 2. Giordano's. Definitely. 100% More than any other "Chicago" pizza. It takes 45 minutes to get the Chicago Style Cooked, but well worth it. Order right when you walk in, and the pizza should be about ready when you arrive at your table. Amazing. It has biscuit/pie like crust and it is filling. Definitely go there. There is more than 1 Giordano's, so the one south of Magnificent Mile right off of Michigan usually has a much shorter wait than the one close to Water-tower place mall. Or, the Suburbs are much shorter as well. 3. Segway tour around the parks is fun. There are several. Go to the one where they give you a card that doesn't govern the speed as much. 4. Gold Coast Shopping. This is north of the Michigan Avenue strip with the upscale boutique shopping and high end card dealerships like Lamborghini. Walk Rush Street from Delaware north to Bellevue. Rush/Pearson is the Bentley Lamborghini Gold Coast Dealership. 5. Michigan Avenue Shopping. Watertower Place mall is good. There are stores everywhere along the 1 mile Michigan Ave Strip. Apple Store, Nike Store, North Face. 6. China Town. It is less than a 10 minute subway ride. Try the "bubble tea." It is a fresh fruit smoothie with tapioca bubbles in it. Sounds weird, but really good. Fun to shop in China town as well. Also some really good Chinese food. 7. Public Transportation. Get the metro pass. Good for both buses and the metro. Pretty easy to get anywhere. Will save BIG TIME dollars compared to a cab and it will create great memories. 8. Chicago Art Institute. Shed Aquarium. 9. Prime Outlet Malls in Kenosha, WI. It is probably 45 minutes north of Chicago, but an AWESOME outlet mall. Has North Face and pretty much every other major outlet. 10. Going for a jog or walk on Lakeshore Drive is fun. It starts at Navy pier and goes north along Lake Michigan. There are beaches and lots going on. Bonus...make sure you try priceline, 4 star, <$100 for your hotel room. We have stayed at W Lakeshore Drive, Affinia, Omni, and many others for around $100. With Chicago, you can get very specific on the neighborhood you want to stay in. You can go first class for a very reasonable rate!
