I was excited to take my newlywed hubby there, as Chicago is his hometown, he is a football coach (and sports freak in general) in Puerto Rico where we live and da' Bears are his all-time team and I wanted to surprise him. We took the train there, so we walked-in and didn't need parking therefore we didn't even pay attention to that aspect, but we were hungry and happy not to have to wait in line to be assisted. The friendly hostess sat us down immediately in a comfortably-sized booth near the bar downstairs. We could hear music coming from another, more informal bar upstairs, but it was wonderful because we could enjoy it and still be able to talk to each other and the staff. With no delay at all, our water glasses were filled and re-filled everytime one of the waiters passed by (we were thirsty from the walk, so very grateful). We got our menus right away, made a decision quickly (I had read about their "Fridge" burger) and it seemed that within 10 minutes, we had our plates, hot and perfect in front of us. The burgers were cooked to order and were very tasty. The waiters (one for food, one for beverages) were very attentive, friendly, respectful, well spoken, squeaky clean and ironed uniforms. They never let us (or our sodas and water glasses) out of their sights but still stood far enough from us that we could talk uninterrupted, enjoy the music and the memorabilia and art on the walls. After dinner, we walked around the restaurant looking at all their memorabilia collection and bought a "Da' Coach" t-shirt in Chicago Bears colors at their little gift shop. It seemed that they have at least four or five different spaces to choose from, depending on the mood or occasion: the actual bar, the booths near the bar, the bar upstairs (with bar-type taller tables and chairs) with live music, regular dinner tables upstairs at the opposite end of the live-music bar and a large room downstairs for previously-reserved groups, meetings and other events. I had imagined about twice as much memorabilia, but I was still pleased browse the many pictures, etc. They say Mike Ditka actually shows up every once in a while, but we weren't that lucky this time. We'll be back!
