We were in Chicago from England for a long planned visit and keen to visit some of the steak houses and other American restaurants we had read about as we have nothing like this in England or Europe. During our ten day stay we ate in three steak houses. All were excellent but without a shadow of a doubt Joe's was the stand out -- in fact the best meal we have ever eaten, notably the fillet mignon -- and having travelled round Europe, Asia and large parts of the USA for us that is some accolade. We'd rate the three steak houses we ate in as follows: Food 1. Joe's Steak House 2. Ruth Chris's Steak House 3. Gibson's Atmosphere 1. Gibson's 2. Joe's Steak House 3. Ruth Chris's Steak House We shared a portion of Stone Crab for starters, followed with fillet mignon and ended with apple pie and ice cream. The fillet mignon was extremely tender and succulent, melt in the mouth and came on the bone, something you don't see in England served with amazing hashed potatoes. We didn't know what they were but found them so delicious I'd be as big as a house if I lived in Chicago. And who knew that a pedestrian dish such as apple pie could be so tasty and mouth watering. Knocks the French version, Tarte au tatin out of the ball park. Service was knowledgeable and efficient. Nothing cutting edge about the decor -- it was the wooden clubby sort we saw in all the steak houses we ate in which we don't mind. We were lucky to get a booth which made the experience more enjoyable. All in all a sublime culinary experience. We also ate in Carmines (Italian), Pizzeria Uno, Mercadito (Mexican). We also had a Guy Fieri Diners, Drive Ins and Dives evening and went to Portillos (hot dogs), Big and Little (Southern Food -- everything was fried and we hated that ), and Kumas, reputedly the best burgers in Chicago. Tip: We found it very hard to get a reservation as we were in town for Mother's Day and a major convention and didn't want to eat in the bar area where's there's endless hub bub so suggest you book in advance of your trip, especially for the weekends. It wasn't as bad as the Frontera Grill who laughed at us when we rang for a reservation while in Chicago and told us we need to book at least two to three months ahead. Who knew Chicago had its very own French Laundry!
