As we flew out to the US on my husbands birthday, we didn't really get to celebrate on the actual day. I thought it'd be nice to go out to somewhere fab in Chicago and celebrate when we got there. I had a good poke around www.tripadvisor.com and decided on Shaw's Crab House, as we had both tried Alaskan King Crab in Florida a few years ago, and we loved it. Alaskan King Crab is Shaw's speciality - yum! I booked online via their website, which throws you straight away to www.opentable.com, and shows you what's available and you book through them. You get the chance to make a note on the booking, and I said that it was for hubby's birthday, so that they knew it was a bit special. We lobbed in there about 15 minutes early and discovered that a booking basically essential. If you don't book, you get your name taken and given a beeper with at least an hour to wait. Half of the restaurant had been booked for a private function for the Ryder Cup - it's pretty popular! We were shown to our table by the friendly staff and then our waiter introduced himself and took our drinks orders, taking our food orders when he came back with the drinks. I started with the Maryland Style Crab Cake with Mustard Mayonnaise and it was gorgeous and not huge, just a perfect size. For main I had a pound of Alaskan King Crab Legs which arrived with a claw cracker and a bib, so I could look extra classy whilst I shovelled it in. And shovel it I did, it was so yummy. Their wine list is good and varied, we chose a bottle of Two Hands red from South Australia. I know, I know, "Red wine with seafood, are they mad?", but you'll just have to trust me when I say it was just right. Our lovely waiter then appeared with a wodge of chocolate cake with Happy Birthday written on the plate in chocolate and a sparkler stuck in the top - how lovely! Whilst chocolate cake is good at any time, I'd heard great things about their Key Lime Pie and we asked for the chocolate cake to be boxed up and to try the Pie, hubby's favourite, which was glorious. All in all, it was a great restaurant with friendly staff, bustling atmosphere and well worth the money - perfect for a celebration.
