We ate in the oyster bar area as the restaurant was full. We were seated up on high stools at a table for two which was touching a table for 4 people. I dont know if its a nationality thing but this is something I think most British people find a little uncomfortable. We couldnt have a conversation without our neighbours hearing every word and vice versa for them. We had only decided tos top here on the spur of the moment and werent massively hungry so we decided to just order the crab cake sliders and burger sliders to share. My husband had a beer and I ordered a bloody mary which was huge and delicious. Our neighbours finished thier meal and left and were quickly replaced by another group of 4. Whereas earlier it was really just a lack of personal space which caused a little discomfort it was now really made uncomfortable by our new neighbours. They talked in very loud voices and were pretty scathing of the UK and its eating habits, in particular Scotland where apparently EVERYONE deep fries EVERYTHING. apparently. When our food was brought to us we received glances from our neighbours and they made no attempt to hide thier disgust at the fact "they're in a seafood restaurant and ordered sliders!?" what we ordered was entirely our decision and none of their business. Now I know people will say the place should be judged on its food, drinks and service but when squeezing in as many tables as possible in order to maximise turnover of customers is more important than customers being comfortable and being able to eat and talk and relax with a little privacy then I have to say it all contributes to the experience. If you dont mind being practiaclly sat on your neighbouring tables knees, having to listen to thier conversation and they yours, whether you like it or not, then do go here. The food , service and rinks were all really good. But badly let down by the seating arrangements, we actually got so sick of the people next to us that halfway through our food we decided to get it to take out and took it back to our hotel to eat. We arent unsociable and indeed with the people who were sat next to us first we had a few polite exchanges about menu choice and the size of the bloody mary but the proximity of the tables meant when our new neighbours were seated we were made to feel really uncomfortable by their comments and behaviour, all of which wouldnt have happened if there was a bit of space between tables.
