I have heard good things about Rick Bayless, as my best friend loves the Bravo show "Top Chef Masters". When I learned that he was opening a restaurant near my home in Chicago, I was intrigued, and my friend, who lives in Minneapolis, begged me to go on her behalf. I went during my lunch break, since I hate crowds. The atmosphere was great-- it was definetely based on real cafi(c)s in Mexico, and had just the right amount of trendiness to make it fun, but not hipsteresque. The bartenders looked like masters of their craft, as I saw other guests order difficult-to-make cocktails and drinks. And the mixers had no problem doing so. The waitress I had, Kathleen, was wonderful, and she gave me enough time to make my choice. As I looked at the menu, the first thing that caught my eye was Frontera's commitment to organic food. I've always preferred that to the standard supermarket fare, as it is healthier, fresher and (above all) tastier. I usually cook at home because there are so few organic restaurants here in Chicago, but I was very excited to discover that this one was! Now, I won't have to clean as many plates or pans, since I can eat here! After gazing the menu's wide selection, I settled on oysters with a side of black kale. I love both, and never have the former, since quality oysters are so hard to find at supermarkets. After Kathleen delivered them, I was intringued by this Latin take on a New England tradition, being from Boston. And I was amazed! The limes enhanced the oysters much better than any lemon could, and eating them with the garlic-chipotle salsa made a delightful entree heavenly. All the flavors combined to accent the smooth taste of the oysters, and they did so in perfect harmony. The kale was also delightful. I love this vegetable, as it is so flavorful, unlike many vegetables, and so healthy. I love it cooked in olive oil, but Frontera's addition of grilled onions made it unbelievable. The strong taste of the kale, with the fresh flavor of the onions was a spectacular marriage-- and it certainly is one made by Rick, one of the best matachmakers in the culinary world. In all, I was very impressed by Frontera and by Rick's cooking skills. My friend was right: Rick has great recipes and skill, and his dishes are healthy, and friendly to the Earth. I would recommend this place to anyone who loves good food-- and social responsibility, too.
