After weeks of online research and in-store testing I finally settled on the excellent Canon MP730 color all-in-one. It has been named editor's choice in a few PC publications, so that helped my decision making as well.The first thing that impresses me about the MP730 is the appearance of excellent build quality. I previously owned a Brother all-in-one which broke after 1 year, and an HP which broke after 4 months. Since getting the MP730 I've put it through some heavy uses -- am looking for a job right now -- and it's holding up quite well. Judging from user reviews here and elsewhere, I feel good about the reliability of this baby. (knock on wood!)As many a reviewer has pointed out, Canon should be praised to the gods for allowing you to change individual ink tanks individually. WHY AREN'T THE OTHER MANUFACTURERS DOING THIS ALREADY? This alone is worth the price of the printer, as you won't have to waste money on cartridges that have to be replaced in whole even though only one color runs out.The automatic document feeder (ADF) works reliably. BTW the ADF is rated for 35 sheets but my experience shows you shouln't feed more than 20 regular printer paper; fewer if the paper is thick. To prolong the ADF's life you should feed no more than 10. This is just speaking from experience. I bought the printer with my Amazon Platinum Visa so I automatically got one extra year of warranty service. Still, it's better to keep the baby healthy than abusing it...The other reviewers pretty much cover everthing you need to know about this wonderful all-in-one. I just want to emphasize that although the initial price tag seems a bit on the high side, once you factor into the speed, the print quality, and the cost of replacing ink cartridges, this comes out to be quite economical in the long run. And it handles heavy-duty uses pretty well.Of course, if all you want is occasional multifunctioning, you'll be better off with a cheaper model like the Brother MFC-3220 all-in-one which can be found for under 100 bux here on Amazon. If you do a lot of scanning and printing and faxing and copying, this Canon MP730 deserves your serious consideration. Heck, just buy it.
