Kodak makes a great disposable camera with their Kodak Max HQ 35mm single use camera. The camera takes some pretty good photos considering it's a single use camera. Indeed, many of the pictures I've taken using this camera come out almost as well as they would have if I had used a more expensive, conventional 35mm camera instead.Don't open the box and unwrap the camera from its foil paper wrapping until you're ready to use it; and make sure you use this camera before the expiration date printed on the cardboard box. When you do want to use the camera it's simple enough to use. Wind it up for the first photo you take by running your thumb on the dial on the top of the camera from left to right. Want a flash for your picture? No problem. Just push the flash button on the front of the camera and within seconds the camera can take a flash picture. There's also an indicator on the top of the camera to tell you how many pictures you have left on the roll of film inside it.The 800 film helps make this camera very useful for both outdoor and indoor photos; and it's easy to carry this camera because it's so light and compact. It can fit into a woman's pocketbook, a man's briefcase, backpack or just about any overnight travel bag.You also get 27 exposures per camera; this makes the camera great for vacations or extensive photo taking days like weddings and other ceremonies. Great!Unfortunately, there is one fly in the ointment. Although this camera is really very good; the pictures it takes are not quite as clear and crisp as they would be from a digital camera or a conventional 35mm camera with the individual rolls of film you put in and then take out when you're ready to have the film developed. I hope that Kodak remedies this problem quickly; but until then I have to take off a star for this to make this a four star review.Overall, this single use camera is convenient and budget priced. After all, digital cameras and regular 35mm cameras can get somewhat expensive; this is your best choice if you're on a budget and want a Kodak quality camera. It doesn't yet have the technology to take the very best quality pictures so I hope Kodak works on this in the near future.Four stars!
