The varizoom uses 4x3W led's for a total of 12W (max) LED lighting, equivalent to 40W of incandescent light, with is about right for an ENG camera light.It comes with 2 barndoors to direct and prevent spillage, plus a warming filter (it's 5500K alone) and a much needed diffuser.What I really liked about this when I first saw it was the dimmer - you can go from 5% to 100% output and maintain 5500K color temperature, eliminating white balance corrections. This is a unique feature of LED lighting.Varizoom will typically have 2 models - a two hundred dollarish range which does not include the battery adapter (it terminates in a plug - you provide 7.2 vdc) and a three hundred dollarish range model that takes an off the shelf battery and allows you to use it with your light. These are designed for sony, canon, and panasonic (sorry JVC got left out) - they also clamp the battery back on the handle and let the light move forward to the top shoe. You can also move the battery off camera if you want to cut weight down and belt mount it.For the money, the three hundred dollar model is a much better deal than the 200 plus the battery shoe, and you can get the shoe in the same format as the batteries you use with your camera, which is nice since I am only using brand name batteries in my camera (to protect the warantee - they have a signal line that tells the camera's internal uP that you used an offbrand light) - but I do have an off brand same fit battery for 100 less than the one from the manufacturer - it will run the light just fine and the camera need not know i'm using it.This is using the latest in 3W high performance LEDs - because of their intensity you will want to use the diffuser in almost all cases unless you have a long distance to your subject and need the long focus of the leds by themselves. Subjects don't like seeing 4 dark spots after videotaping!Varizoom concentrates on high value for the money - their other stabilization and zoom products are reasonably priced and fit the bill when you need them too. I've compared about 15 different on camera lights and for the price, varizoom gives you the most bang for the buck. Sure, there are 2700 buck HMI lights out there that require a shoulder ballast and battery pack to go with them, get hot, and lack any barn doors but that's not what I want to shoot with. Besides - try finding the 25 watt hmi light that goes out when you don't power up and down properly on those high end kits. LEDS are very fault tollerant of voltage and dimming.Speaking of dimming - be careful because the dimmer is really a chopper. Depending on your shutter speed and scan rate you could get just a bar in the middle of the pic. You should verify after adjusting the dimmer out of 100% that you are ok to get a good picture, esp in 16x9 avchd.With the dimming being the only potential (not necessarily present in all cams) negative, this is a great on cam light. At 12W of LEDs in 4 emitters, it does more with less than the 160 led lights.Enjoy the light - it will fill in the shadows inside or out as needed.
