The Fujitsu S6120D LifeBook notebook is a light-weight wonder. It's sad that Fujitsu doesn't aggressively market its stylish and feature-packed laptops like the other companies.Weighing in at a mere 4.1 pounds with battery and the DVD drive, the LifeBook really comes to life outdoors, because the &quot;super-bright&quot; LCD screen is beautiful and actually viewable on a nice sunny day here in Manhattan. If you ever tried to use a laptop on a sunny day you should know the LCD is usually too dark even at the highest setting. The Fujitsu S6000 series cranks up the screen brightness to achieve viewability. The difference is amazing, as I discovered when I compared the S6120D with my older LifeBook C2100 and a new Apple Powerbook. The latter two's screens could hardly be read in the sun, whereas the S6120D's screen was clearly readable and even the colors were quite vivid. Of course, indoors the S6120D's screen works equally well.Performance on this lightweight is decent. It uses integrated Intel graphics chipset so it's not a gaming machine. I've seen benchmarks which put the graphics performance around average for a laptop this size. Processor performance is impressive, and with all that RAM applications run quickly under Windows XP Professional.All the computers in the S6000D series come with built-in 802.11b and 802.11g wi-fi. (In contrast, the S6000 series, without the D designation, is only 802.11b-capable.) Range is good, but short of the amazing distance my Netgear 802.11g PC Card can achieve. But with built-in wi-fi it's much more convenient plus it's more power-efficient plus it can be turned off anytime. (I had trouble using the hardware wi-fi button, though, as each time I had actually use the software panel to turn it on or off.)What really amazes me is the weight of this baby with a 13.3&quot; screen. What also impresses me is the ability to use a modular bay battery, so you can double your battery life. Of course, the problem is, you are most likely in need of extra battery juice when you run a DVD movie, but the modular bay can accommodate either the DVD drive, or the modular battery, but not both. Still, with two batteries installed at the same time, I can surf wirelessly for hours and hours and hours. The joy of wireless Internet is just fabulous when you don't have to worry about battery life. (Plus people-watching in Bryant Park is just fun, now that summer is here and mini-skirts are everywhere.)Fujitsu notebooks are very well built and they have a reputation for top-notch quality. Every part feels solid and durable. At first I had trouble inserting SD cards into the built-in SD/MemoryStick slot, but after a couple times it became easier. Overall I think this is going to be a long-lasting machine.In short, if you are looking for an ultra-portable that has a beautiful screen, good battery life, and doesn't cost an arm and a leg, this is for you. I highly recommend it.
