To be completely honest, I think the whole HDTV thing is a bit over-hyped, mainly because there's so little HD stuff to watch right now. All DVDs are still NTSC definition, and the two HD camps in Japan are still dueling it out to see whose format will win (HD DVD vs. Blue-Ray). So-called HD channels on DirecTV and your (un)friendly local digital cable tend to show old craps nobody really wants to watch, and not everybody is into watching sports -- even there, nothing is as spectacular as your (suspciously) friendly local TV salesman makes it out to be.But if you are already on the HDTV bandwagon -- and our beautiful, freedom-loving, democracy-promoting government has conspired with the TV industry to make *all* analog TVs obsolete in the next year or two -- you may want to get an HDTV camcorder to record your life or shoot the next Blair Witch Project". In fact, if you are an aspiring filmmaker, (like some of my friends are), you'll want to get an HDTV camcorder.There aren't that many choices right now. In fact, the only HDTV camcorder for under $2000 is this Sony HDR-HC1, a slimmed down version of the $4000 HDR-FX1, which has caught the attention of many professional videomakers. BTW, you should definitely search the web (e.g., pricegrabber dot com) for a better price, as this can be had for as low as $1700 at some other legitimate websites (as of this morning).I was lucky enough to have a chance to look at, and play with, an HC1 at my local electronics store over the weekend. I was very impressed. First of all, it's a small camcorder and can be operated in one hand, and all the recording controls -- power, record, zoom -- care well placed for a normal adult hand. (As alays, this is a right-handed camcorder.) Second, amazingly, its lens has a manual focus-and-zoom ring, which allows for professional-looking shooting, esp. in low-light situations. Third, it uses REGULAR miniDV tapes, which are dirt cheap these days.What truly impresses me is the camcorder's ability to record in HDTV (1080i) or regular (NTSC) formats. I didn't get to check this out first-hand, but the salesman did a quick demo for me and it seems to have worked. (I was getting so dizzy from all the excitement and awe.) Video quality is very good for a single-chip camcorder -- and the resolution at HD setting is very high, provided you play back the HD recording on a, duh, HDTV. (Even a 720p HDTV will do, as such sets will automatically down-convert the 1080i signal.)If you want a camcorder that can truly impress your friends, yet don't want to shell out your entire savings, the HC1 will do very nicely -- and, by the way, it'll help preserve your moving memories in all its glory and some.Other Sony bells and whistles are included. The so-called intelligent battery which shows minutes remaining (but not always accurate -- and you definitely need a bigger battery), night vision mode (think "blair witch project"), bright and clear flip-out LCD screen, 10x optical zoom -- the sales guy told me it's about 42-430mm in 35mm-equivalent terms. And, as a bonus, you get a 3MP digital camera, which is good for casual shooting (and it's nice to be able to zoom in 10 times!).Other reviewers have pointed out a few flaws -- what they don't tell you is that nothing in this world is perfect, not even God, so it's just stupid to be nitpicky with such a revolutionary camcorder. Of course it has flaws, and given it's a Sony, it uses the superior-but-less-popular Memory Stick Duo flash memory card. But, if you search around, you'll see that Memory Stick media is not much more expensive than, say, Secure Digital.The biggest problem right now is you don't get a good yet inexpensive software program to edit your video on a computer. Of course, 99% of camcorder users don't do anything with their videos on the computer, so this may be a moot point for you.If you do want to do editing on a computer: on the PC side, you have many HD video editing programs to choose from, but they tend to be expensive. Good news is, the next version of Windows Movie Maker (free with Windows XP or Vista) is supposed to support the HD format. For now, you may be able to download trial versions of HD editing programs if you don't want to spend any money. On the Macintosh side, you can do some very basic stuff with the $100 iMovie program, but it doesn't do much, and the number of full-blown editing programs is limited for the Macintosh (which means Mac users will end up paying much more, like they do with everything else).And, according to my sales guy, you can't even copy the HD video to a DVD or VCR, since these latter devices don't support HD video yet. On the other hand, I've read on the web that you can convert HD video to regular video using free utilities available for Windows; but then, why would you do that, destroying the high def and high quality of your HD masterpiece?For now, whether you edit your video on a computer or not, the only way to play it back is from the HC1 directly. So you may want to wait until HD DVD is here before making a purchase -- by then, Sony and other companies will have released better, cheaper HD-compatible camcorders."
