I purchased the PD450a paging amplifier to interface with my office PBX, in ceiling speakers, alarm system, and to broadcast emergency evacuation messages to comply wih fire codes. The amplifier had to work from AC or battery to meet code. I figured it would cost me $1000 to do all that, but this product does it for about 1/8 my original guess.The PA450A featurese everything you need for a good size office space with a 400 watt amplifier, 2 mic inputs with separate adjustments, a line level input also with its separate power adjustment, and a CD/DVD player plus remote.The remote was probably the weakest part of the design, however to make the CD play a pre-recorded audio track when the fire alarm sounded I used a learning IR remote that had a contact closure input connected to my alarm system which worked fine to activate the CD player to deliver the evacuation message everywhere.There is a siren" button on the amplifier however it takes quite a while to make any sound and it's not that attention getting. The ability to pre-record a cd-R and play it was much better.On the back panel there is a jack for 12V DC battery backup which we connected to our alarm system's 12V deep cycle battery to run the amplifier in the event of a power failure. Also the speaker output terminals handle multiple speaker impedances as well as providing the 70V line output to run to the ceiling speakers in the office and warehouse. We added 2 outdoor speakersTIC CORPORATION AS P60B Indoor/Outdoor 60-Watt Speakers with 70 Volt Switching (Black)to the system as well so when the PBX "page" button was pressed people could hear it outside in the parking lot or while smoking. Again, another deal was in the works for 2 outdoor rated speakers that we tied into the 70V line wiring for 66 bucks a pair. They are more than loud enough to get the message out.This is a great sounding PA amplifier with 4 total inputs and separate level controls for the 2 microphone, line, and CD/DVD. The CD-DVD player has video outputs on the back if you ran a small sports bar or kareoke system although we do not use the video output in our installation. The player can also be set to play low level background music from a DVD full of MP3 audio if you want elevator music all day long and still have a loud and clear microphone for paging people on top of that (our paging comes from terminals off the pbx wired to the line input).This offers total flexibility and saved the day for just a little cash, plus also improved productivity in locating people around the building. The only small negative is the remote control to the DVD player which wasn't a big deal as it only had to be used once to program the learning IR remote. I would recommend this to any small to mid size business with 1-100 speakers.And yes, after installation we passed our fire inspection. p.s. I think amazon has this mis-classified as a subwoofer amplifier while it could do that its not designed to be a subwoofer amplifier."
