This Walkman by Sony offers serious music lovers the opportunity to listen to MP3 files stored on a CD, CD-R, CD-RW, a regular CD (of course); and even a newer technology called ATRAC3/ATRAC3plus." The remote and the car accessories come in handy if you don't want to carry the actual player in your hands as you walk about town or drive along the highway--great! Moreover, to do all this it only uses two AA batteries at a time and you get lots of play time out of that single battery.At first glance the controls on the Walkman itself appear intimidating but after about ten minutes tops you learn all the important and most commonly used functions. The controls also make it easy to adjust the levels of bass and change equalizer settings. Other features, such as adding bookmarks on a CD and learning how to use this in a car, require a bit more concentration and time to learn. However, the instruction manual is fairly clear and if you have questions you can always contact Sony customer support by phone or Internet.One special feature that is very much worth noting: the advantage of making an "ATRAC3plus or an ATRAC3" CD is that you can fit much, much more music onto an "ATRAC" CD than you ever could otherwise when making your own CDs. Indeed, the owner's manual for this Walkman states that you can fit 999 music files on a single "ATRAC" style CD. Excellent!However, I noticed two relatively minor disappointments. First, Sony advertises this Walkman as being for the music enthusiast--and they are right. This means that the average layperson like me will have to spend a couple of hours learning how to use ALL the functions of this Walkman. The capabilities of this little machine impress me greatly; but there will be a small--but worthwhile--learning curve for persons like myself. I did not anticipate that. In addition, some of the control buttons are rather small so you need to be careful of how you touch them with your fingers.Overall, music enthusiasts will be thrilled with this Walkman. The abundant features amaze me and I believe you will be impressed, too. The quality of the sound is excellent. The shockproof "skip-free G protection" impress me, too. I highly recommend this portable CD player for music lovers everywhere. In addition, if you have the time to learn how to use this machine to its greatest potential, any layperson like me will also come to cherish this Walkman."
