A French company, Archos provides fresh competition to a field dominated/monopolized by East Asians. This 20GB jukebox is a solid (and fun-to-use) product.The official name of this jukebox is Jukebox Recorder 20, and it differs from its predecessor, Jukebox Studio 20, in basically one aspect: it sports a USB 2.0 interface, which transfers at speeds up to 12MB (megabytes) per second. That's 12 times that of USB 1.1 and 20% faster than IEEE 1394. To take advantage of this speed, however, you need a USB 2.0 adapter card (which costs around $40). As for USB 2.0 drivers, a recent patch to Windows XP enables USB 2.0 support in that OS; otherwise, the adapter card will come with the necessary driver for Windows 98, ME, and 2000. (USB 2.0 is not available on the Macintosh.)The Jukebox Recorder 20 makes a nice MP3 player. The size is actually smaller than the picture suggests (those tube-like things are at fault here), and it feels good in an average man's hand. The manufacture quality is so-so and the unit can feel flimsy, and the screen is not the best out there. The sound quality is terrific, provided you replace the bundled headphones with a better set. Operation is intuitive. Unfortunately, the enclosed documentation is written poorly and fails to cover many features and functions.The unit also works well as a portable hard disk. If you only want the storage feature you should go for the MiniHD 20GB USB 2.0, which is at least 50% smaller and $100 cheaper. As a hard disk, it works right away on Windows XP and even Windows 2000. Just plug and play. It's that simple. You don't need USB 2.0 to use it, because USB 2.0 is totally backward-compatible. With the older Windows versions, you'll need to install the driver for the hard drive operation. The speed is decent... slower than today's regular drives, but much faster than CD-R or Zip.In addition to styling and documentation, another poor area is tech support. While I didn't have to wait to talk to a live technician, and he was eager to help, he apparently did not speak good English, because he had trouble understanding me and did not answer my question after my repeated attempts. I also e-mailed tech support a couple days ago and haven't heard back yet.In summary, the feature set and speed make this a great product -- it's just too early to tell whether it will prove to be a reliable product.
