This is a first-generation digital convergence gadget, so you should know what to expect when you consider it. It's basically a very cool toy, but with lots of limitations.Panasonic touts this as a 4-in-1 device: you can record MPEG4 video, digital photographs, and audio, and can play back MP3 and AAC digital music, all in an amazingly tiny package that weighs no more than 4 ounces with battery and SD memory card. BTW, now you can buy Secure Digital memory card of up to 512MB, with 1GB on the way, so the SVAV-10 can be expanded easily.The SV-AV10, which is recently joined by two newer models SV-AV20 and SV-AV30, comes with a 64MB Secure Digital (SD) memory card, on which you can record up to 30 minutes of MPEG4 video. However, this is at the lower resolution of 174x124. If you go up to the fine" mode, which shoots at 320x240, you can obviously fit a shorter footage. The framerate is 15 frames per second (vs. 25 fps for the NTSC video standard used by American TVs and camcorders), so the video is a bit jerky, much like using a webcam. The minimum required illumination is 120 lux, so you won't be able to shoot anything at a candlelight dinner. This is what I mean by "knowing your expectations." This is not to replace your regular camcorder; it's really a toy that you can carry 24 hours a day and capture those moments that no one could expect ahead of time.The digital camera function captures images in the 640x480 resolution, and the SV10 has a built-in flash (but no optical zoom). Image quality is so-so; I'd say it's something you'd expect from an inexpensive digital camera that still shoots at this resolution. Given lots of lighting, the quality is quite acceptable. (Of course, you probably can't print the photos of this resolution. So don't throw away your regular, 2+MP digital camera yet.) Panasonic claims you can record up to 880 images on a single 64MB SD card. I haven't tested that claim yet.Voice recording is nothing to write about; the quality is acceptable but again nothing on par with a dedicated device. MP3 and AAC (AAC is a better-than-MP3 encoding format; see my review of the Panasonic MP3-in-a-headphone model) playback is excellent, although you don't get too many options. The included stereo earphones are good, although you can always substitute your own ones.Because of its small size, the SV10 only has a small number of buttons: one record button at the top, one power button that also opens the menu on the 2-inch LCD screen, one "mode" button that switches between play and record on the LCD, and one jog-dial button that plays, forwards and rewinds. The user interface is quite intuitive; you just need to know what the mode button does.You can transfer files between the SV10 and your PC via the included USB cable and software. Everything works smoothly on my Windows 2000 and also a Windows 98 SE PC.For a super-cool AV (audio/video, not "adult video"!) toy, the price is surprisingly affordable -- you can find it for cheap at some places, hopefully at Amazon soon -- and this is will impress the heck out of your friends.Note: The newer AV20 and AV30, which only recently hit the retail market in the U.S., have the same resolution and frame rate as the AV10. They are slightly smaller and lighter, but their LCD screen has less resolution than AV10. Of course, this means they are more battery-efficient than AV10. AV30 comes with a cradle that allows you to play back on a TV, plus recording stuff from the TV!"
