The A20 did everything I wanted in a HD-DVD player, and at a reasonable price. I know everyone is debating the VHS/BluRay thing, and I finally had to decide how much longer I was going to do without a Hi-Def DVD player. Well, I bet on VHS and won, and this time I'm betting on HD-DVD, we'll see who wins later on. With the announcements of all the studios flocking to HD-DVD and the low entry price for 1080i HD-DVD around 200 bucks, it makes sense that blu-ray is headed down the betamax path.There was one nice/not so nice thing about my A20. Amazon shipped it with firmware rev 1.0. Toshiba is now releasing rev 2.5. Is this a problem, well, it depends on how you use your player.I went the direct route (bought a toshiba player with rev 1.0 firmware). I bought the miami vice director's cut disc with tons of extra features just for HD-DVD in it - inside the box was a TSA-style warning slip that said basically this disc makes use of ADVANCED HD-DVD features and may not be fully functional in your player without a firmware upgrade. I followed standard user proceedure and ignored it of course, played the video, got the pip shooting of the show (also in HD) and commentary, and technical specs on the boats, cars, etc, and suddenly pow - my screen displayed Cannot play this disc - error 4083FD20BC3FF", which seemed more like a nuclear launch code than an error number but sure 'nuf the same number was in the player's VFD display on the front panel - only option was to pull the plug because this thing was dead.After this I grabbed the nearest blue cat-5 cable on my home network, plugged it in, clicked DHCP in the network setup box, and in a few minutes I was connected to toshiba direct where the new version was 2.5At 3.0 Mbps the file transferred pretty quick (36 blocks - the display updated 1/36, 2/36, etc. to let you know something was happening - patience is definitely called for during a firmware update I learned) - then the player went through a 5 stage update&burn; Stage 1 - Stage 2. Now the most evil stage was Stage 5, which took over an hour to complete (I did finally RTFM and it said firmware updates took 20 minutes - more like 2.0 hours and you should not power off the player, insert a disc, press a button, scratch an itch, etc)I left it overnight and came back the next day since the "successful" update powers off the player when done. I had Version 2.5 instead of 1.0 of the toshiba firmware. Playing Miami Vice 2006 director's cut again with all the neat HD features worked just fine this time.Lesson learned - Everyone is shipping with "basic" firmware which lets you press play and turn on languages, but doesn't support all the u-control fetures quite right. Once shipped, the semi-final firmware is installed in the customer's home - by 1 of 3 methods1 - The way I did - plug it into a broadband network link and go. I guess they figure that the people buying a HD-DVD will have a home network and include the required RJ-45 LAN connector on the back to save yourself some grief.2 - plug your pc into a broadband link and download it, burn a cd-rom, put the cd-rom in the player, upon which it will do the upgrade. I guess people who don't have a cable stretcher for their cat-5 ethernet will use this option and sneaker-net the firmware into the machine.3 - If you have HD-DVD but lack any computer skills at all, then call toshiba's 800 number M-F 9-5 EST and ask that they mail you the disk you could burn yourself in step 2, then when the USPS gets around to dropping it in your mailbox, put it in the player and do step 2 above.I really did consider the option 1 a nice touch - being able to have appliances upgrade themselves over the house internet DHCP server is certainly a valuable addition - yes it took 2 hours instead of the manual's 20 minutes, but I'd be willing to bet the guy who wrote the manual had never done a firmware upgrade in his life so he was guessing in the wind on the 20 minute timeframe and was off by a factor of 6. It still beats burning my own firmware disc or waiting for them to answer the phone and snail-mail me a disc to use.I have to wonder though. What about firmware rev 2.4 or 2.6? How often does toshiba find a bug and re-relaease the firmware? Should I invest in a UPS for my HD-DVD player to keep it running through a power failure for 2 hours if that happens while doing a firmware upgrade? They do caution you that any disturbance to the machine during the upgrade will leave it in an unusuable state requiring factory service.Toshiba's thoughtfulness of putting an "instant gratification" port on the back of the player gives it 5 stars. If you've just bought the latest in technology, you won't mind a 2 hour upgrade when it could take two weeks if option 3 is the only one available. Fortunately for me I already had a blue cable in the media room to talk to the HD Projector and control its input selection / get bulb life info, etc. It wasn't alot of greif to upgrade the unit, however the manual is definitely WRONG - it is NOT a 20 minute process. Leave it overnight and UPS your HD-TV player + network and you will probably not have any problems when rev 2.6 comes out."
