The new Sony Micro Vault 128MB flash drive with fingerprint access may seem overly expensive at first, but when you consider its super-accurate fingerprint ID feature, it's well worth the price.The package consists of a 128MB flash drive that works over USB 2.0, which means fast read and write speeds, a &quot;docking station&quot; that's bascially a USB 2.0 extension, and a program called Sony Fingerprint Access software that, once installed on a Windows computer (no Macintosh compatibility), allows you to use the fingerprint reader on the flash drive. The fingerprint reader is a small piece of silicon that scans your fingerprint. When matched, the fingerprint access program allows you to 1) lock and unlock files and folders, 2) save login names and passwords for websites (but, only one login per site allowed), 3) secure your screensaver, and 4) securely transport your Favorites folder, so you can take your favorite links with you. Of course, to be able to use the fingerprint access features across PCs, you need to install the software on all the PCs you are going to use. Luckily, Sony allows you to intall the program without restrictions.Installation went without a hitch, and the fingerprint software is very easy to use. First you register your fingerprints for up to seven fingers. Sony recommends you register at least two fingers, lest you lose the precious one in an accident, I presume. (Oh, in case you unfortunately do lose all your fingers, you can still use the access program via a master password. Obviously, safeguard that password well!) Fingerprint registration is really painless. The program prompts you to press the fingerprint scanner, lift your finger, repeat a few times, and presto, you are done. The fingerprint IDing process is also largely transparent. Say you saved the login info for your bank website (via an Internet Explorer toolbar icon -- sorry, doesn't work with Netscape or Opera), the next time you are back at the site, a fingerprint access window pops up automatically and asks you to either subject your finger to a scan or type in your master password. Fingerprint scanning usually takes less than a second, but you'll notice the slight delay. But considering how much hassle it saves you from remembering logins, this is a very convenient feature.Truth be told, fingerprint access is probably more geeky-novel than an everyday computing necessity. Like I said, everything can be done via the master password, and you can do all the things Sony's fingerprint access software does with either Windows built-in functions (screensaver and file encryption) or free software (e.g., Roboform). Is the novelty factor worth the price? For a gadget freak like myself, it is, because it's just so cool to use your finger to access your own PC. Oh, of course, you do get about 115MB of storage on the flash drive. BTW, Sony's flash drives are really reliable, which is a good thing in itself, of course.
