IOMEGA ZIP 100 USB Drive 31197This unit is identified by its sleek rounded dark blue case. It has a separate power supply. The Model Number is ZIP100USBNC. It can operate either horizontally or vertically (like a floppy drive). This model is treated as a USB Mass Storage Device so you must use Windows Me or later. You must select the icon to Unplug or Eject Hardware" to remove this device. The IOMEGA software should be installed on Windows 2000. If the unit does not have an eject button on the drive you must select the EJECT command from the Properties menu. It is good to do this all the time because of the disk caching system.The "User's Manual" warns against using the Operating System to copy a disk. Use the Iomega "Copy Machine" program. Right click on the ZIP drive to select the Iomega "Format" function. Use "Short Format" to delete all data on an Iomega disk. The "Long Format" repairs a drive with errors, converts from another format, or removes all passwords. "Write Protection" protects against writing over data, a password can protect against both reading and writing files. You can also flag the ZIP drive as "non-removable" so it appears like a hard drive. The manual has the details.Computers have a limited number of IDE devices and drive bays so a separate storage device is practical. Replaceable 100 MB ZIP disks provided vast storage in the past but are no longer the latest in storage technology. But the 100 MB ZIP disk is almost as universal as the floppy disk when you have a parallel port drive for older systems. The ZIP disks reuse deleted space unlike a CD whose space is consumed when you replace files. Falling prices for CD discs solved that problem. A ZIP disk has no compatibility problems between different systems and computers. A CD written on one system may not be updated by a different system.To test the status of a used ZIP disk. 1) Right click on the drive, select `Properties'. 2) Select the Iomega tab (after support was installed). 3) Select `Diagnostics', then `Close' after the green light. 4) Select `More Info' on the `Disk Type' Note the `Disk Life Status' and the `Format Life Status'. Percentages lower than about 85% are not good. 5) A `Long Format' can improve the Life Status statistics."
This cable works okay, but note that the brightness of both monitors will be cut in half. This works fine if the brightness is already turned down, but on a dim monitor, it might not work to well.