I slammed the earlier version of this device (the m505) for its horrible color screen, but adding active TFT and 16 MB standard makes this a near-perfect PDA. It's nice to know that Palm can learn from their mistakes.This is functionally identical to the m130, which is cheaper, but you get what you pay for. The m515 has a significantly larger screen and far less bulk than the m130, easily justifying the higher price. With the built-in difficulty of pointing and clicking on a Palm device, size matters.The life of the lithium-polymer rechargeable battery takes a hit with the new vibrant color screen, but you can still use your m515 fairly heavily for days before you need a recharge.The only other compromise is the screen is low-res at 160 x 160 pixels. If you want photo-realism, you can buy a Sony Clie with 320 x 320, but those models have worse battery life and cost much more, so it's your choice.The 515, quite simply, is the slimmest and lightest full-featured color PDA.Here's a basic product guide:Palm m100/Handspring Visor -- Bargain basement models with 2 MB of Ram. Goodstarter models for the price. Distinguishing characteristics: Visor has significantly largerscreen/expansion slot and fast USB cradle. Palm has slower serial.Palm m105/Visor Deluxe/Visor Neo -- Workhorse models with 8 MB of Ram (plenty formonochrome models). Visor has bigger screen/USB/expansion slot. Neo has fasterprocessor.Palm m125/Visor Platinum/Visor Pro -- Upper middle class models. Visor has largerscreen. Both have USB/expansion slot.Palm Vx -- A discontinued classic, not significantly expandable. Smallest full-function PDA with lithiumrechargeable battery. Sharp, full-size mono screen. Slow serial port.Visor Edge/Clie slimline -- ultraslim mono models sell at a premium, but have durability questions.Palm m130 -- Fills consumer color niche. Compare to color Clie models, Visor Prism.Small, bright screen, rechargeable battery, expandable.Palm m515 -- top of the line. Screen is now brighter, 16 mb included, now we wanthigher resolution. Still, a great improvement over the horrible washed-out color on thePalm m505. Compare with top Sony models/iPaq.Enjoy!
