When one finds the iPod line hasn't changed much in a while, just wait a few days, and you are likely to be blown off your feat. Apple is constantly innovating, and pushing the limit, in order to bring you the world's greatest products.The iPod Nano may well be one of the most impressive products ever produced, by Apple Computer. The iPod Mini was the best selling iPod, making the iPod Mini the best selling portable music player, in the world. In fact, it had only be released in January 2004, and it was updated in early 2005. However, in September 2005, Apple decided it was going to stop producing the iPod Mini. Why? They had something better: the iPod Nano.Apple CEO and co-founder, Steve Jobs, calls the creation, impossibly small," and "magic." While it might be a stretch to refer to the Nano as impossible or magic, it is the first reaction one has, when they see the product.Size - The iPod Nano's size is its greatest attribute. Its depth is slightly less than a number two pencil. In fact, the iPod Nano is thinner than the iPod Shuffle. Of course, it is also significantly less wide and tall, than the original iPods, and the iPod Mini it replaces. Weight is another jaw-dropping figure. The iPod Nano is almost four times lighter than the iPod Photo 20 Gigabyte player.I did not even fully comprehend how impressed I would be, when I held the Nano in my hands. It seems and feels even smaller in person, but everything fits together beautifully as well. The seems around the edges is very neat and nearly impossible to notice. When holding the iPod Nano, you really get the feeling that you are holding something of appreciable quality.Reliability - The iPod Nano will prove to be incredibly reliable. Why? The Nano uses solid-state flash memory, which means there are no moving parts, in the player. The original iPod and iPod Mini used miniature hard drives, while still a good solution, they were bigger and could become damaged, when taking a hit. A lot of people who were upset that their iPod with a hard drive went out, would likely not have any problems, with the iPod Nano.Storage - This 2-gigabyte iPod Nano is capable of holding approximately 500 songs. For $50 more, you can buy the 4-gigabyte, which olds approximately 1000 songs. If you think the higher capacity could be useful to you, the $50, for an extra 2-gigabytes is a good value. However, if you're on a budget, or are not so concerned with capacity, this 2-gigabyte model will get the job done. 500 songs is a lot of music, so you will rarely find yourself in a situation, where you need more than that.Display - The display on the new iPod Nano is fantastic. It features a nice resolution, and color. You can view your photographs, or the album art, from your music. There are also the standard iPod games to play, in color.Click Wheel - The click wheel continues to make iPod the most convenient and easy-to-use music player around. Being used to the slightly larger click wheel, on the full size iPod, I was concerned the Nano's smaller click-wheel would be less functional, but that concern was quickly dismissed, when I saw it works as easy and efficiently as ever.Color - White is the traditional iPod color. This white iPod Nano will match your iMac, iBook, or other Apple products. Furthermore, the white is less likely to show scratches and fingerprints. It is a good idea to protect your iPod Nano, if you're concerned about its appearance. The chrome finish, on the back, is particularly prone to scratches.Overall, Apple truly hit a home run, with the iPod Nano. Some companies follow, and some companies innovate and change the world. Apple is one of those companies. I love the nano, and my music can no go with me to even more places, with a player that is lighter than ever. The iPod Nano is destined to become the best selling music player in the world, and it will be for good reason."
