When one finds the iPod line hasn't changed much in a while, just wait a few days, and you are likely to be blown off your feat. Apple is constantly innovating, and pushing the limit, in order to bring you the world's greatest products.Apple CEO and co-founder, Steve Jobs, calls the creation, impossibly small," and "magic." While it might be a stretch to refer to the Nano as impossible or magic, it is the first reaction one has, when they see the product.Size - I did not even fully comprehend how impressed I would be, when I held the Nano in my hands. The iPod Nano's size is its greatest attribute. Its depth is slightly less than a number two pencil. In fact, the iPod Nano is thinner than the iPod Shuffle. Of course, it is also significantly less wide and tall, than the original iPods, and the iPod Mini it replaces. Weight is another jaw-dropping figure. The iPod Nano is almost four times lighter than the iPod Photo 20 Gigabyte player.It seems and feels even smaller in person, but everything fits together beautifully as well. The seems around the edges are very neat and nearly impossible to notice. When holding the iPod Nano, you really get the feeling that you are holding something of appreciable quality.Reliability - The iPod Nano will prove to be incredibly reliable. Why? The Nano uses solid-state flash memory, which means there are no moving parts, in the player. The original iPod and iPod Mini used miniature hard drives, while still a good solution, they were bigger and could become damaged, when taking a hit. A lot of people who were upset that their iPod with a hard drive went out, would likely not have any problems, with the iPod Nano.Storage - This 4-gigabyte iPod Nano is the best value. It is only $50 more than the 2-gigabyte model, so you get twice as much storage, for only $50 more. Don't forget you can also backup important files to your iPod, so you may find some extra space valuable. The 4-gigaybtes is capable of holding approximately 1000 songs.Display - The display on the new iPod Nano is fantastic. It features a nice resolution, and color. You can view your photographs, or the album art, from your music. There are also the standard iPod games to play, in color.Click Wheel - The click wheel continues to make iPod the most convenient and easy-to-use music player around. Being used to the slightly larger click wheel, on the full size iPod, I was concerned the Nano's smaller click-wheel would be less functional, but that concern was quickly dismissed, when I saw it works as easy and efficiently as ever.Color - White is the traditional iPod color, and the white-colored iPod Nano will match many other Apple products. However, the black iPod nano is an intense and sleek finish, beautiful in person. It might show scratches and fingerprints more easily, but it looks so great that it may be the most popular color choice of this new player.Battery Life - Battery life is always an important feature. After all, what good is it having 1000 songs in your pocket, if you can't listen to them? The iPod Nano lasts 14 hours, on a single charge, under ideal conditions. Ideal conditions are allowing the playing to play on its own, without accessing menus regularly, which turns on the backlight and drains the battery. Even with regular fiddling, you should last well over ten hours.Overall, Apple truly hit a home run, with the iPod Nano. Some companies follow, and some companies innovate and change the world. Apple is one of those companies. I love the nano, and my music can no go with me to even more places, with a player that is lighter than ever. The iPod Nano is destined to become the best selling music player in the world, and it will be for good reason."
