My local camera store just got their first shipment of Casio's new Exilim EX-Z57 super-slim digital camera, and I eagerly hopped over to check it out.The EX-Z57 is a very slight upgrade (and one downgrade... read on) of the very popular EX-Z55 model. The Z55 had a 2.5 LCD screen that was considered "huge" just a year ago, but now that so many other digital cameras also sport a 2.5" LCD, Casio decided to release a 2.7" LCD model, hence the Z57. Amazingly, the overall physical size hasn't changed, and the EX-Z55's industry-leading amazing battery life (over 300 even with flash on and LCD on full-time) has been retained, making the EX-Z57 another battery life champ.As far as I can tell -- and from what the sales clerk told me -- the internals of the EX-Z57 are identical to those of its immediate predecessor. This means very good image quality from such a small camera. Three important issues to keep in mind as you shop for this camera or a similarly ultracompact model:1. The tiny lens and tiny sensor necessarily limit the sharpness of the picture. If you shoot at the maximum 5MP and print out at up to 5x7", you probably won't be disappointed by the sharpness of the picture. However, as you print larger pictures, you'll see the pictures tend to be softer and noisier than from larger cameras. This is simply a result of the law of physics, and it's a trade-off between size and quality.2. The small camera also means a small, limited-power flash, so your indoor pictures when the ambient lighting is dim will not come out very satisfactory. Again, this is entirely due to the small form factor. If you want to use this camera to shoot a small group of friends at a dinner party, it's okay. But you should know that as you near the flash range and go beyond, you'll get horrible-looking pictures.3. A camera this small makes it very hard to hold it steady. Many people with tiny cameras like this complain about blurry pictures. This is because as you press the shutter button, you'll move the camera ever so slightly. With a larger camera body (e.g., a digital SLR), the much heavier camera body requires more effort to hold which has the side benefit of providing a counteracting force to the shutter-pushing force. Hence, with a small camera like the EX-Z57, you must remember to hold the camera very steady as you press the shutter.Whereas the older EX-Z55 had an optical viewfinder, Casio opted to remove it in order to accommodate the enlarged LCD screen without changing the overall size of the camera. Yes, the Z55's optical viewfinder was tiny and hard to use, but at least it was an option -- and looking through the optical viewfinder instead of at the screen actually helps steady your shots because you hold the camera close to your body (think the principle of leverage). Also, when you are really low on battery, switching to optical viewfinder can squeeze out a few more shots. For a camera purish like myself, it's a pity that the optical viewfinder is no more on the Z57, but for most casual photographers (the Exilim's target audience) this will likely be a non-issue, since they probably would never use the optical vewfinder to begin with.In summary, the Z57 provides an unbeatable small form factor yet a crowd-pleasing huge LCD screen, amazing battery life and very good image quality (for a camera this size). You can also record movies (albeit only at a stuttering 15 frames per second) as well as sound. It's very intuitive to use, and my friends who have the Z55 are all very happy with it (once I gave them the tip about holding the camera super-steady or on a tripod to avoid blurs). While I don't have money to buy another digital camera at the moment, but if I had some extra spare dough, I would definitely buy this just for the HUGE 2.7" LCD. To a gadget freak like me, it's priceless to be able to impress my friends with something this cool. :)"
These slim jewel cases in a clamshell" shape by Ziotek provide sturdy protection for CDs; but they can also store DVDs as well as CD-Rs, DVD-Rs, and more! I have been fortunate in that the cases I bought never cracked when I tried to open them. The plastic cases themselves are stored in the "rack" that comes with them; and the idea of a rack for storing these is brilliant. I have found that without a rack they become tougher to handle when on the shelves of my media storage case; the "clamshell" style blank media storage case isn't always the easiest to handle.Nevertheless, these slender jewel cases do provide safe, practical storage for media and they measure less than half the width of the older, original jewel cases that seem far too wide and "fat" today. You can stick a "post-it" note to the front of the jewel case to indicate what's on the disc inside, too. These jewel cases can be storing discs on bookshelves, cabinet shelves or whatever--you obviously don't have to use the rack if you don't want to use it.These plastic cases keep each disc firmly in place inside the plastic case. That's a great added feature--and you can also see the disc being stored without having to open the jewel case. They come in five colors; you get five each of red, orange, green, blue and purple.However, as I mentioned above, there's one drawback that I absolutely hate--these cases are difficult to store in rows along a shelf of my cabinet. The clamshell base is too small for the media holder to stay straight up for long periods of time; and they inevitably wind up slipping and sliding about on the shelf when I want to find something on the cabinet shelf. The rack that Ziotek provides is the only way I know to be pretty sure these won't go creating a mess on your shelves.Overall, good job, Ziotek!"