I've slammed the earlier version of this device (the m125) for its SMALL SCREEN, but adding color (and TFT at that) and rechargeable lithium battery are significant improvements that puts this unit into the realm of contenders.However, keep in mind that this is still a compromise unit, with several drawbacks relative to the higher-priced m515 or Tungsten T, or to the color Clie models.The m130 is functionally identical to the discontinued m105, with the exception of an expansion slot that you will probably never use, a faster processor, a fast USB cradle,a couple of software doodads, and now the color screen and rechargeable battery.If you want the cheapest PALM-branded model with color and expansion capabilities, then the m125 is it. (You can get a used color IIIc model for a lot less, check around).This model is still plagued by a small screen, and it's low-res at that.With the built-in difficulty of pointing and clicking on a Palm device, size matters. But the color makes it far easier to see, so it's a trade-off.The color Visor Prism has significantly greater screen real estate.If you want to stay with Palm, consider the Palm m515. It comes in a super-slim package with a rechargeable lithium-polymer battery and a full-size screen (although low-res). The Tungsten T is even more gorgeous, with built-in bluetooth, a drop-down graffiti pad and a high-res screen and the latest Palm 5.0 software.In that price range, however, a Pocket PC might make more sense (Palm still can't compete with the gorgeous iPaq active color screens).Here's a basic product guide:Palm m100/Handspring Visor/Palm Zire -- Bargain basement models with 2 MB of Ram. Good starter models for the price. Distinguishing characteristics: Visor has significantly larger screen/expansion slot and fast USB cradle. m100 has slower serial. Zire has rechargeable battery. Skimpy memory can not be upgraded on these Palm models.Palm m105/Visor Deluxe/Visor Neo (hard to find) -- Workhorse models with 8 MB of Ram (plenty for monochrome models). Visor has bigger screen/USB/expansion slot. Neo has faster processor.Palm m125/Visor Platinum/Visor Pro -- Upper middle class models. Visor has larger screen. Both have USB/expansion slot.Palm m500 -- Classic. Smallest full-function PDA with lithium rechargeable battery. Sharp, full-size mono screen and expansion slot.Visor Edge/Clie slimline -- ultraslim mono models sell at a premium. Edge is nearly discontinued and has a reputation for breaking. Sony models, while the new leader in price/performance, have a reputation for less-stellar customer service.Palm m130 -- Fills consumer color niche. Compare to color Clie models, new color Handspring models (some with phones), Visor Prism. Small, bright screen, rechargeable battery, expandable.Palm m515 -- the old top of the line. Screen is now brighter, 16 mb included, now we want higher resolution. Still, a great improvement over the horrible washed-out color on the Palm m505. Tungsten T -- The new top of the line. Triple Aces design, with top notch screen, bluetooth and drop-down graffiti pad. But no phone? Compare with top Sony models/iPaq.Enjoy!
