CD-Rs are a much needed thing for me. Even if I still have my music on an iPod, I still have a lot of documents in my computer. I definitely have a big enough hard drive to store all of my weird documents and online-schooling and such. But sometimes I have to go to the library or use a different computer or so on. I prefer using CD-Rs rather than a jumpdrive because they are easy to forget and don't store a very large amount--which I believe it should for the price you are paying for those things. CD-Rs are less costly and I don't need many, just a few that basically just work". And these Sony CD-Rs do just that!Whenever I'm shopping for CD-Rs I look to see what is most inexpensive from a reliable brand. I have had most luck from CD-Rs from Sony, Maxell, and Philips--all three which are decent manufacturers. TDK's never seem to burn at the speed they advertise. Imation's just seem to be coasters. And on Memorex CD-Rs the paint always seem to chip off just months after use. So I try searching for those three brands. And almost everytime Sony's are always on sale way below the list price. I don't really need jewel cases either since I have no desire to keep my old documents--at least those that date back months ago. And jewel cases seem to be much more inexpensive when I don't buy them with the CD-Rs. I suppose companies add them to your CD-Rs so you find them a "value".Using Sony CD-Rs are easy. I just do like I do with any CD-R, burn my files through Nero. I won't say these are completely burn free, but even the great Maxell has a couple mess-ups every once in awhile. But whether I'm burning music (for whatever reason since I now have an iPod) or burning important documents, these CD-Rs are very trusty with very little burn errors. Maxell is slightly more reliable than these, but for the price I can't see how you can go wrong.These CD-Rs also seem to last fairly long for me. I have a couple discs dating back to early 2004 that are seeing some minor scratch on the top of the disc, but it's certainly nothing unusable. Some discs dating back then are actually in pretty good condition compared to my TDK and Imaton discs. Some reviewers complain about data-loss after a year or so after burning, but I have yet to notice this. All of my CD-Rs from Sony seem to play fine in any CD player I use and my computer whatever the age of the disc. The bottom of the disc doesn't scratch as easily as other brands but collects fingerprints fairly well, which is again why I like using jewel cases. Also, the CD-Rs are very clean-cut, meaning they have lots of room to write on.Overall, these Sony CD-Rs work just fine for me. They don't show many burn errors and last a good long time, plus have the Sony name. They aren't quite as good as Maxell CD-Rs, but get the job done at a cheaper price. In general, a good "gets the job done without spending tons" CD-R. 4 stars."
