The biggest selling point of the e310 (besides its competitive price) is its thin factor. At .47 inches, this is the thinnest Pocket PC, and compares well with Palm-powered PDAs. It's also the lightest. The length, however, is the longest of all Pocket PC PDAs, and Toshiba disappoints us by not including a larger display than the same 3.5&quot; LCD used by other Pocket PC 2002 PDAs.The e310 looks pretty sleek, albeit a bit too large due to the elongated shape. But it's something you'd be proud to whip out on a subway or train and show it to the passengers next to you. The buttons, including the D-pad, are a bit too small for my taste, and the D-pad feels a bit flimsy. It's not clear whether the D-pad works in all 8 directions. One big letdown is the continued presence of the audio pop that comes up every time with a new track in Windows Media Player.The screen is so-so. It has the same resolution and color depth as all Pocket PC devices, but does not look as good as the nice display on the iPaq. In fact, the frontlight is quite uneven, and there is a slight bluish tint. Some people say the colors also look &quot;milky.&quot; I don't have good eyes for colors, so I can't comment on that. I do wish Toshiba made the screen better, at least on par with the iPaq.The e310 comes with a non-user replaceable LiIon battery that lasts about 4 hours with the frontlight set to &quot;medium bright&quot; and an SD card loaded. Without the SD card the battery life seems to almost double -- but since the e310 comes with only 32MB of internal RAM (which Pocket PC 2002 OS uses for both running programs and storing files), an SD is a must-have if you want to store digital music and other multimedia content. It would have been nice for Toshiba to include a CF slot; but given the thin factor, that would have been too much to ask for. (It would also have shortened the battery life.)Unlike the previous Toshiba, the e310 has a jog dial on the side. I never found the jog dial quite useful, because, let's face it, there isn't much you can do with just one hand, without using the stylus. But I guess some people like it.The e310 is a sophisticated device and I have only touched on some of its major features. There's a lot more to explore, and let me emphasize that I do like it's thinness and light weight and generally pleasing styling. If you don't need to wait for the upcoming Xscale Pocket PCs (which will be out any time now), the e310 is a definitely worthy of a look.
