The original Griffin iTrip became one of the best selling iPod accessories. People love their iPods, and the ability to take the music on the road, in their car, is a desired feature.However, many of today's automobiles do not include a stereo with line-in, and cassette players are rarely found in cars today, which eliminates the ability to use a cassette adapter. What does this leave? A FM transmitter.The original iTrip offered good performance, for a FM transmitter. That is the key, for a FM transmitter. FM transmitters will not sound like a CD, cassette, and in some cases it won't even sound as good as a strong FM radio station, in your area. However, many times, the iTrip does a satisfactory job. It works even better, if you're in a rural area, where there is a wide selection of empty FM frequencies.Improvements over original iTripThe new iTrip features an LCD, with the ability to change the FM frequency broadcasted to, directly on the iTrip. Previously, you had to navigate to the iTrip stations on your iPod, select a frequency, and press the pause button at just the right moment. That inconvenience is gone with the new iTrip with LCD. Simply twist to your desired station, and you're done.More Broadcast Modes - You now have the ability to transmit in stereo, or mono sound. Stereo sound will be the highest quality, in good situations. However, if you find lots of static and interference, switch to the mono-sound mode. This allows a stronger signal, which may eliminate the static, unfortunately you lose the depth of stereo sound, but if you're listening to a podcast monaural sound is fine.Better Battery Life - The new iTrip seems to drain significantly less battery life, than the original iTrip. Sure, it will still cut your iPod's battery life by several hours, but it is less dramatic than the original.Overall, Griffin has improved upon perhaps their most popular iPod accessory, and they improved it in a big way. The ease to change the frequency you broadcast to is fantastic, and the improvements in performance and battery life are appreciated too. The Griffin iTrip with LCD FM Transmitter will not sound like CD audio, but it is a great way to listen to the thousands of songs on your iPod, in your car. Furthermore, the improvements to this newest model will make you find the experience of using a FM transmitter a little more bearable.
