The NEC MultiSync LCD 1760V monitor is an excellent choice if you are considering an LCD monitor. In case you didn't know, NEC-Mitsubishi Display Systems, the manufacturer, is one of the first companies to produce LCD monitors, so they really know what they are doing. The LCD screen itself measures... you guessed it... 17 inches diagonally, and the image is sharp and bright even at 70% brightness and 50% contrast. The native resolution is 1280x768; if you think you'll get eye strains at this level, don't worry: the monitor comes with a free downloaded copy of Liquid View, which makes Windows easier to look at.Setup was a total breeze for me. I just took the monitor out of the box, hooked up the power and monitor cables, and turned it on. NEC's exclusive automatic adjustment immediately set the contrast and brightness to my liking. The only adjustment you may need to make is on the PC itself: according to an instruction sheet taped to the monitor, you should set the display adapter to 1280x1024 at 60Hz.The 1760V is stylish in either black or white. Because it's made in China, the plastic does feel a little &quot;cheap&quot; when you inspect it up-close. Thankfully the LCD screen itself is top-notch. No dead pixels, no ghosting, no pulsating spots as with offerings from off-brands like KDS or Cornea.My only complaint is the control buttons on the monitor have nearly invisible markings. Of course, the automatic adjustment feature means you probably won't have to tinker with the monitor controls, but NEC should have labeled them more clearly. Contrary to what one reviewer claims, the manual *does* mention the buttons and what they do, in a table on p. 7. The buttons are responsive and easy to press, which is an improvement over some previous models. The setup interface is pretty straightforward, although first-timers may need to refer to the manual to see which buttons control what.In summary, another excellent product from NEC-Mitsubishi. If you want a 17-inch LCD, be sure to get this affordable, high-quality one.(Note: This model is Macintosh-friendly.)
