IOMEGA ZIP 250 Internal BlackThis internal ATAPI drive is the fastest access to a replaceable ZIP 250 disk compared to a drive that connects to the parallel port, even when the Parallel Port Accelerator program is used to optimize data transfer. The external drive that uses a USB connection is the next best thing. The ZIP drive is always installed on the secondary IDE channel, never the same IDE channel used for the hard drive. The CD drive is usually the master or first drive, the ZIP drive should be the secondary or slave drive. Installing an internal drive requires more knowledge than with an external drive, whether USB or parallel port. The 250Mb drive can read and write 100Mb disks.NEVER insert a ZIP disk into a drive unless the power is on, as this can damage the drive. If you lose power, you must disconnect power to the computer, open its cover, and push a straightened paper clip into the Emergency Eject Hole in the back. Once the drive is installed correctly turn on power and then you can install the IomegaWare software from the CD. Use the applications to format, copy, and protect your ZIP disks. Or you can download the software from the Iomega web site. Use the Copy Machine application to duplicate a ZIP disk. You can format a ZIP disk with the Iomega Format, or run applications from a ZIP disk. You can both Read and Write Protect your ZIP disks.You should install the IomegaWare software in Windows 2000 to format ZIP disks so they will be compatible with other Windows operating systems (FAT system). If a ZIP disk is formatted in NTFS it can lock the disk so the eject button on the device does not work. You should always choose the software eject command because of disk caching in Windows 2000 and XP. The ZIP disk provides unlimited storage space within its capacity. Space on a ZIP drive is reused when files are replaced or deleted. The Long Format can correct disk errors or remove protection from files. The 250MB disk can be read and written in the 750MB drive.To test the status of a used ZIP disk. 1) Right click on the drive, select `Properties'. 2) Select the Iomega tab (after support was installed). 3) Select `Diagnostics', then `Close' after the green light. 4) Select `More Info' on the `Disk Type' Note the `Disk Life Status' and the `Format Life Status'. Percentages lower than about 85% are not good. 5) A `Long Format' can improve the Life Status statistics.
