Pros:+ small and cute, you can put it on a keychain, or hang it from your neck. orange color really makes it stand out! (a large pouch is included in the package in case you need one)+ surprisingly good sound. i found this on sale plus a mail-in rebate, so i wasn't expecting much, but the sound quality pleasantly surprised me. there isn't much bass (even in bass mode - see next item), but otherwise the sound is pleasing, and can get very loud.+ simple EQ. 6 levels: normal, jazz, pop, rock, bass, and user-defined (which just lets you adjust bass and treble). you'll need to get into the navigation menu (by holding down the Select button) to get to these settings, but as you go through each level, the sound changes in real time to let you know! very cool, considering many more expensive mp3 players don't give you this.+ very easy to set up. i just took it out of the box (hard to cut open, though), inserted the one AAA battery, turned it on, hooked it up to my windows 2000 laptop, and it showed up on the pc as an external storage drive. just drag and drop the mp3 files. no driver needed for windows 2000, windows xp, and mac.+ yeap, mac-compatible.+ sharp lcd display, and shows lots of information: volume (0-100), memory usage (%), track title, elapsed time and total time for track, battery status, etc.+ includes repeat A&lt;->B mode! many high-end players don't even have this.+ dedicated hold button, just like on your walkman or discman. many high-end players don't have this, either!+ wma compatible. must be non-copy-protected wma, though. so you can't buy music from walmart and play it.+ navigation menu easy to use once you get the hang of it.+ lots and lots of features for something so small and simple. just amazing.Cons:- does not play copy-protected wma- skimpy manual, but at least it's in good english- navigation menu seems confusing at first.- non-expandable memory (116MB as reported by windows)Other comments:> no software provided; you can download windows 98 driver and free desktop player on tdk's website> use your own earphones, of course> not sure about how durable this is. tdk is a japanese (?) brand, but player made in china> seriously, it's really cuteVerdict:i think this is a good value, probably as a secondary mp3 player (e.g., when you want to listen to your favorite music when sitting on the toilet and don't want to drop your ipod into the abyss) or for kids and that girlfriend who really doesn't listen to a lot of music beyond britney spears.
