Think about it. After spending $15,000 for a trip would you take your rolls of 35mm or APS film to the nearest corner drug store for 15 minute developing? Of course not. You would seek out the best lab in your area and explain which rolls need push processing because the flash couldn't light up enough and you'd talk to a lab chemist who would develop your photos for you. You might have a CD/DVD burned of the scans for the final touch at home, and it might cost $400 to get your film processed, but no scratches, and most importantly NO PROBLEMS.The same holds true for large and fast memory cards. When you get to 4GB and up or 130x and up speeds, problems creep in. Will the 130x card have such a fast risetime at cold temperatures that you miss your photos on Mt. Everest? (CMOS speeds up at cold and has a ringing problem as a result). Do you have a $260,000 Thermotron environmental chamber to test your memory card at temperature and altitude before leaving on your trip? NO? Then just buy the best.And this is the best. I had a 4GB transcend memory card. I thought I was set - I bought Amazon's Wolverine MP3/video/CF/SD reader with the 80GB user upgradable disk. All my SanDisk cards transferred flawlessly - but my TRANSCEND" 4GB 130x card DID NOT - it locked up the Wolverine. It worked in the camera. It worked in my desktop replacement laptop (dell 1705) but it didn't work in my pocket mp3 player and card depository so I can keep on shooting without lugging the laptop with me.This was a major issue - the wolverine was pricewise comparable with the ipod yet had SO many more features and a much larger LCD, not to mention the 2 card slots and muticard compatibility, long battery life, etc. Loosing the ability to dump the 4GB card to it was a major issue with a multimegapixel camera that can write the card so long as you hold the shutter down!I switched and bought this card - the 4GB Extreme III which came with about $50 in software for recovery of lost data (believe me that is well worth it when you lost your Everest pictures and the camera can preview them on the card, but your pc can not transfer them at all!). The Wolverine yanks the photos out of the 4GB card like any other 1GB card and saves them to disk, even lets you preview the CF/SD cards before doing the disk transfer. And fast too.Inside the camera (with the high speed card upgrade) write times are flawlessly fast - hold down the button in raw mode and the pictures just stream to the card. For reading, I must admit I did comprimise since I have 2 laptops - one with an integral 7 in 1 reader - this one (the dell 1705) doesn't have a CF or a PCMCIA so I got the USB $9.50 fry's special reader. It works fine - and equally fast to my laptop with the builtin (alienware).This will be my PRIMARY CF card - I have a couple 1 GB cards for other camera backs, but the Extreme III is just so fast the camera flys. A note of caution - NONE of this is of value unless your CAMERA supports high speed writes (and preferably reads). High speed means different things to different people. We are talking about 20 MB/s (Yea - megaBYTES) or 133 x (133 X 150 Kbps). Without these write abilities in your camera, the card will work, but your money may be better spent unles an upgrade is in your future.Enjoy digital. Be thankful searching for a lab to process those sealed rolls of film is gone now."
