HP Deskjet 660C PrinterThe HP Deskjet 660C printer is designed for the home or small office. It has the beige case shaped like other HP printers, and requires an IEEE 1284 printer cable to connect to the parallel socket on a computer that runs on DOS, Windows 3.1x, Windows 95, or Windows 98. You can install it with the DJ550EN software downloaded from HP. The black inkjet cartridge is #29, the tricolor inkjet cartridge is #49. HP advises against refilling them. This printer works well for the average user. It can print four pages in a minute (not as fast as newer printers).Like other HP printers the paper follows a U-shaped path; this minimizes desk space. The printer and power cables are connected so the back of the printer can be against an upright wall. The separate power supply makes its replacement easy. You should connect the printer cable to the computer before applying power. Heat is the enemy of electronics so don't leave power on when not in use. This printer will work when connected through an Iomega ZIP 100 parallel drive.The 88-page 'User's Guide' contains the First Time Setup" guide in Section 1. The printer should be turned on before installing the software. Both inkjet cartridges must be present to operate even if one is empty. Section 2 explains the use of the "HP Printing System for Windows". The HP660C should be the default printer for Windows. You can select the options for printing (p.21). The Monitor provides the status of the print job and allows other actions such as cleaning and aligning print cartridges (p.22).Section 3 discusses "Using Paper, Cards, Envelopes, Transparencies, and Labels". The rules are on page 28. The side to be printed is always face down. The other pages provide detailed instructions on the printer adjustments. Section 4 discusses "Using Print Cartridges", how to align or clean them. Section 5 provides answers to many printing problems. Page 59 tells how to print the Self-Test Pattern. Smeared ink means the wrong paper type setting, or too much ink was used (p.62). Section 6 lists the proper maintenance procedures for the printer and ink cartridges. It also has the technical specifications. Section 7 has the Index."
