I'm not a vacuum fanatic - in fact, I'd be thrilled to never have to vacuum again. However, I live in a very large, old house with 5 other people, 5 cats and 2 dogs - plus the constant stream of my childrens' friends. I should vacuum every day, but I HAVE to vacuum at least every other day and I need a vacuum that can handle pet hair as well as all the regular stuff that falls on my floors and furniture on a daily basis.Five years ago, I purchased a Shark Navigator NV22T and instantly became a fan. That vacuum is still going strong despite being used 3-4 times a week for 5 years. I recently became aware of this new model from Shark and decided to order it so I can keep a vacuum upstairs and a vacuum downstairs.I was thrilled to see that it is basically the same machine except Shark has doubled the dust bin capacity! The smallish dust bin on my other Navigator was literally my only real disappointment.This vacuum comes very well packed and arrived damage free. Upon unboxing, all you have to do is attach the handle with one included bolt and nut (with a flat head screw driver or a coin), snap on the motorized floor brush, connect the main body hose to the motorized floor brush and snap the super stretch hose onto the swivel connector. Assembly took way less than 5 minutes and the included owner's guide illustrates exactly how to do it.This is a bagless machine, which I love. To empty the dust bin, just push the release button and lift the bin off of the machine. Carry it to your trash can (or an outside bin), push the release lever on the bottom of the dust bin and the dust falls out the bottom of the bin into your trash can! It's awesome. I never have to touch the hair and dust and debris.There are 3 filters in the machine and guess what? They are washable! No kidding. Shark recommends washing 2 of the filters under running water every 3 months and the third filter every 12 months for optimum performance. They are sturdy, too. I just replaced all of my filters on my other Navigator after 5 years and I washed them regularly as directed.This vacuum comes with a few attachments. There is a small upholstery and crevice tool, which are stored on board. Additionally, there is a 24" crevice tools and a pet hair power brush, neither of which can be stored on board.The power cord is a generous 25 ft. long.Of course, the important thing is how well it vacuums and this one works as well as any vacuum I've ever used and better than most of them. Not only does it pick up pet hair and dust bunnies like a dream, it also picks up fine dust and powders amazingly well without ever losing suction. I like to use those powdered carpet fresheners from time to time and this machine picks up all that fine powder in very short order.The floor brush has a fairly narrow, a 9 1/4" cleaning path, but don't let that put you off. It makes the vacuum more maneuverable and lets you clean more places without having to stop and use attachments. And because it has such great suction, you don't have to go over the same spot multiple times. It doesn't take me any longer to vacuum with this that with a machine with a much wider cleaning path.Also, it has automatic height adjustment so no need to bend down and adjust for carpet and bare floors.Using the attachments with the super stretch hose is very easy. The machine doesn't tip over when I'm vacuuming drapery valances, walls and stairs. There is a suction adjustment on the super stretch hose so you can vacuum sheer curtains and other delicate soft furnishings without sucking them up.The power pet hair brush is spectacular for upholstery. It really picks the fur up - even cat fur.The entire vacuum is surprisingly light weight - only 15 pounds. I really love this and the light machine weight makes it as easy to use as a self-propelled vacuum cleaner.The price is amazing considering how well the Navigator works. I just bought it here on Amazon for a $102 sale price with free Prime shipping. And when you consider you will never buy bags and all of the filters are washable, it makes it a remarkable value.There are a few features you won't find on a vacuum priced this well, like a retractable power cord or self-propulsion or a head light, but it vacuums as well as high end machines with high end prices. If you want a vacuum that has excellent performance without spending a lot, this is it.