Rating: 4.5/5 I have been to Xoco a couple of times and loved it, but this was my first trip to the 'Original' of the Bayless empire. Me, my wife, and another couple. Waited for 30 minutes on a Wednesday night, but that's what we'd been told to expect so no bigs. Drinks while we waited, always a plus! We are all guacamole junkies so got the grilled chive version. Super fragrant and piquant, it was just what we were looking for. Ran out of chips too fast but the waiter was on it. Our friends split the tortilla soup which smelled and looked great. Another round of drinks; I got the 'Gold Rush' which was good and stiff but sweeter than I like. The wife got one of the margaritas which she considered pretty much perfect. I switched to cerveza after that so I would be able to remember the main course. I got the duck in jamaican mole (Mexican restaurant, I know, I panicked when he came to take our order). Duck was super flavorful and you could tell they put some work into the mole. The sides were good but hard to remember next to the main dish. I devoured it and almost got mad when my wife asked for a bite. She got the pibil special, a roast pig in banana leaves. It looked a little crazy but tasted awesome. Our friends got an enchilada and carne asada, looked great but I didn't try it; the portions are generous and filling, and I had my own work cut out for me. Only complaints: got pretty loud, but it was also pretty busy so go figure. Tables were a little small, especially with all the different plates and sauces. And after we turned down dessert (too full!) the waiter never offered another drink, but really that was fine as we'd all had a few. He was probably looking out for us. So a couple of minor missteps on ambience (really minor) and one tiny complaint about my drink, thus the subtraction of a .5 star. Hey they can't all be perfect. Everything else was excellent IMO. Definitely not a stop in on a whim kind of place, but I'm already planning what to get when we get a chance to go back!
