Having heard the rants and raves of fellow co-workers, I decided to head on over to Chicago's own Quartino for lunch - I had heard that for the price, you could not beat the quality of service and the tantalizing flavors presented to you. As I walked in, I was greeted by a warm, professional, but welcoming face. After finding out I had no reservations, I was assured I would have a seat within minutes. To my delight, I was given a table for two on the patio. The sun was shining, the gentle drone of the city seemed to fade away and I began to understand Quartino's charm from the get go! Within a matter of minutes, an intelligent and delightful waiter came to introduce himself to me, as well as answer any questions I had about their wonderful and extensive wine selection. They didn't have my favorite wine, but when I inquired, he quickly pointed me to a wine he was convinced I would love! He didn't disappoint. I was delighted. After my drink arrived, I explained that I was short on time and that I had come to sample their lunch special, 3 course meal. He was quick to make a few suggestions, as he could tell I was the adventurous sort - or as some would say - unable to decide. Having loved his wine recommendation, I trusted this gentleman with my meal choices as well: "Let's see what he's made of," I said to myself. The first course was a presentation of a Roasted Beet Salad. I'm usually pretty reserved about Beets, but I was determined to expand my horizons and to allow my waiter to guide me though. I was delighted when I found a crunch in my salad, Walnuts. So often these salads are one dimensional in texture - leaving you a bit wanting, but this time I was pleasantly surprised. An excellent paring with the sweetness of the roasted beets. On to the next course, with a clean plate! Next to arrive at my quaint table on the patio, was Duck Prosciutto. When you and I typically think of Prosciutto, we think of pig, so of course, I was skeptical. My conscience was soon eased by the light gaminess of the duck. I had worried that it would be too gamey for me; however, the seasoning pulled out the more poultry aspects of the duck and my mouth was left watering - 'Compliments to the Chef!' Wanting to end on a light note, I requested my third course be a soup. He offered his Sun-Dried Tomato Soup. I was weary. Sun-Dried Tomato usually seems pretty rich and deep, almost acidic in flavor - a bowl full of that sounded like a nightmare. When the dish came out though, with the expected basil I was met with a pleasant added surprise - Ricotta Crostini. This gem added a unique twist to my childhood "Grilled Cheese and Tomato Soup." And that is exactly what it was, an adult version of my childhood favorite. Not too rich, or acidic - absolutely delightful. I finished up with enough time to take a small stroll through the restaurant and explore their bar - perhaps that will be my next venture! For now, I left full, satisfied and returned to work another one of those ranting and raving Quartino junkies. Service? Flawless. Food? Decadent and Delightful. General Feel? Exciting, but welcoming - like a family gathering in Italy!
