Love this camera. It's great for enthusiasts or pros. Pros will enjoy the full frame sensor and the light weight, enthusiasts will enjoy its ease of use. Beginners, or those that have used the Rebel series, start with "SCN" on the dial, press "menu" until you get to the dial setting mode. Press the "Q" button. Using the outer ring of the set button you can select from numerous presets (like those found on the Rebel series). You can then scroll up and down and select other options to suit your preferences like vivid, soft, warm etc. Once you get used to these, start to experiment with other settings on the dial. For most of my shooting I use AV (aperture priority)... lower for background blur, higher for less or none. For action shots I use TV, where I can set shutter speed, use auto ISO or select. If you are upgrading from a rebel or other camera get a lens that is suitable for low light or a speedlight. There is no built in flash.GPS: Not many are posting about the GPS. I have 3 very accurate GPS systems. 2 can be set with waypoint averaging to +/- .6". I did this then took photos with the 6D when I was getting the best signals from my other systems (lets me know when satellite signals are best). The 6D was 6' off indoors (single story wood) and 3' off outdoors. When signals were lower due to weather, 15' off indoors, 5 feet off outdoors. Really poor signal gave me no connection indoors and 80' off outdoors. I also took readings with a galaxy S5 which never did better than 90' outdoors.Keep in mind: On the display the places past the decimal point are rounded. Use the reading from the log or the mapping utility software or the distance off will increase. Take a photo next to a post or tree that is clearly visible in Google Earth. If you do not have an accurate GPS to compare it to, that will show you how accurate your readings are. The coordinates are for the GPS unit in your camera, NOT the subject of your photo. To get the most accurate readings I set mine to ping the satellite every 3 seconds and gave it 10 minutes on before taking the photos. That is 5-10 minutes short of how long you should allow a good GPS receiver to acquire the best signals.