Ok, yes possibly the fifth headphones review of the month, but I kinda had to replace the Earhugger headphones because...ok, I'll say it, I stepped on them. Kinda sad, I was really starting to like them, until I stepped on them and now the left side no longer works.So I ventured into Wal-Mart. Wow, terrible selection of earbuds here. They had a ton of the kind that goes over the ear (not the full size kind with the earcups). They were out of stock on my Sony MDRE828LP earbuds. They no longer sold the Sony h.ear or the Sony w.ear. The only earbuds they had were made by Koss, and that really doesn't count since they were in a combo pack with a pair that was over twenty dollars. The only thing left were these pairs of Pannys. Whatever, they were really the only thing there and if I didn't like them I could easily return them since it was Wal-Mart and buy from Amazon.com. I did just that.I hate these headphones for a reason that some of you may find odd, but make others turn away from these for good. They leak, a lot, actually terribly, to the point where you can wear the headphones the opposite way and still get most of the sound. Some people on here might be using these for home use or excercising outside in a non-public enviorment, and chances are if you like the clip headphone design you'll likely be impressed with these. But if you are using them at school, in a library with speechbooks, or in a gym, you really shouldn't buy these. I do think it's Panasonic's fault for not covering the opposite side of the speaker correctly, but who knows, these might work for you.The sound quality is like most headphones made by Panasonic. Average bass with good mids and great clearity. I tested these a bit and they do sound pretty darn good given the slim price tag. The bass isn't earth shattering, but it is at least adequate and does not seem to overpower, even at higher volumes. The mids are pretty good, to be picky a little harsh in the 2k-4k range, but not bad for the price. The golden part of the sound is the clarity, this is an excellent headphone if you're into pop, rock, or fuller music, since they have a clear soudn that will bring out detail into your music. Overall, above average sound with good clarity.I also found these much more comfortable than many other clip headphones than I tried. The hook is adjustable, so you will always ensure a good fit and will never press too hard on your ears. These aren't for heavy running but will stay on for the most part. They look a bit cheap on the Amazon picture for some reason, but don't worry, these are very stylish and will look good with whatever you're using with their black/chrome scheme. Also the cord is asymmetrical, so when you take off the left earpiece it will not fall to the ground and instead be at shoulder level. An earlier review complained about this. All you have to do is travel your index finger on the right side cord and stop when the headphones start to pull off. Then take that part of the right cord and tape it to the left cord. Then you will get the traditional Y design.For cost these were only ten bucks at Wal-Mart. To me that is a good price for these. For only ten bucks you will be getting a pair of clip headphones that have good sound quality and are comfortable and stylish to be used for home use or in a non-public enviorment.Overall, a good pair of ear-clip headphones but were designed for someone else in mind. They have good sound and are comfortable to wear for hours and look nice but they leak out just way too much sound. The verdict is not out yet if these are a return or not, they may be a good pair of headphones if my computer ones (pricey Sennheisers) die out. If you are using these in a non-public enviorment this is a good buy, but if not I'd avoid these and clip headphones in general and go with an earbud design that will deliever similar sound but not distract others. 4 stars.
