The Visor NEO is practically identical to the Visor Deluxe, except it comes with a processor that is twice as fast. Because the Palm software is so efficient, that speed is rarely an issue, and you can save a bit by getting the cheaper Deluxe.All Handspring models run variations of the Palm operating system, and have all of the PALM functions people have come to know and love -- addresses, to-do lists, and access to downloadable features like Avantgo (a free service that allows you to download publications like the New York Times, CNN, Sports Illustrated onto your Palm).I've even put a free map of my county on my PDA from Mapopolis.com (a must if you haven't tried it! Streets are searchable). Also, make sure you add Vindigo, a city guide that gives restaurant and movie reviews and showtimes.The Handspring models have the best features for the money. They have a noticeably larger screen than the m105 (which I returned after a week), expandability (which I have yet to use, although I long for the GPS attachment from Magellan -- maybe when it goes on clearance?)These models only get four stars, however, because they do have two significant shortcomings.One is bulk. The low-end Deluxe and Neo are significantly larger than the Palm V, which is significantly more expensive.The PDA still fits in my chest pocket, though.Also, unlike the Palm V, 500 and 505, the Deluxe and Neo require new batteries after about two weeks of relatively heavy usage. That can amount to $20 a year or so on batteries alone. The Palm V has a lithium rechargeable, and the new Palm 500 has an even better battery, but I can't justify paying that kind of money for what is still basically, at heart, an appointment calendar.BTW, I am a newspaper reporter who previously had four Rolodexes on my desk. No longer. No longer do I misplace names, numbers, or dates. This thing has changed and organized my life in ways I didn't expect -- just ask my wife.It's basically an extension of your brain -- now isn't that worth a couple hundred smackers?
