The iPod is hands-down the best portable music player ever made. With a few tweaks by Apple, however, it could be the best gadget ever made (Read on).First, the original iPod is a breakthrough, not because it plays MP3s, not because of its long-lasting rechargeable battery, not because it holds 1,000 songs or 5 MBs of data. It's because it's all of these things in a 6.5-ounce package (lighter than my cell phone) with ULTRA-fast FIREWIRE. Try loading 1,000 songs onto a USB device and your computer will be whirring away all night. The iPod does it in 10 minutes. That's 100 CDs, man. (Or, with the new 10MB iPod, 2,000 songs or 200 CDs).The iPod also has a brilliantly simple and elegant scrolling wheel that is as intuitive as a squirt gun. Pull the trigger, press a button, you're listening to Pearl Jam.Now, despite the fact that this is undeniably the biggest breakthrough in portable music since the original Walkman, the iPod misses a couple of opportunities to MULTIPLY its value with a few small tweaks.For starters, the iPod's value would increase dramatically if it could RECORD. I would ditch my Minidisc recorder that I use for my dayjob as a reporter in an instant if I could record to the iPod instead (MP3 encoding would be sweet, too..can you imagine what folks would pay for a 6.5 ounce gadget that could record 100 hours of digital audio?).I sincerely hope Apple is already working on the recording feature.Next, and perhaps even more important, would be a camera-docking feature. How many times have you been on a vacation to Europe or somesuch with your digital camera, and shelled out a small fortune for measly 64 MB or 128 MB flash cards? How much do you think professional digital photographers would pay for a 5GB or 10GB flash card?... You don't think they'd snatch up a fleet of iPods for docking their cameras if they could? You're darn right they would. (And professional digital photography, especially at newspapers, is one area where Apple is a clear leader). Hopefully Apple is talking to the Canon folks who make the superior digital ELPH as we speak.This feature would be a perfect fit with iPhoto, just as the iPod is a perfect fit now with iTunes. Can you just imagine, instant Firewire syncing of all your images? It would be nice also if they added a color TFT screen option to view the photos, but perhaps that's just wishful thinking.And, speaking of wishful thinking, how about a video-docking feature? 5GB is about the same as one DVD (4.7GB), so why not have an iPod docking feature for digital video cameras? Get easy syncing with iMovie and burn it with iDVD.Lots of folks also see potential for the iPod to morph into a PDA. Already, Apple has added a software patch that allows you to download Palm or Outlook contacts. I personally don't see a need for taking that too far. The iPod is the best music player ever. With a few tweaks, it has the potential to be the best audio recorder ever and the best camera docking solution ever. It will never be the best PDA ever, so why try?Once again, kudos to Apple, but I only give this four stars because the iPod can be so much more, if only the folks at Cupertino don't blow it.Enjoy!
