Before writing a review on an antenna, you should first explain what you are using it for, and what part of the city/where you live. I live about 20 miles north of Tucson. It's still a pretty metro area (Tucson is growing fast) and it's also slightly hilly. I bought this just to get locals. I used to own a pair of rabbit ears (like $10) that worked ok" but still weren't all that good and could hear a lot of fuzz and bumping from stereo to mono. Most of the radio stations in Tucson are midtown, talk about fuzz and inference! Again, I bought it to get more than just a few stations. And I'm using it for a radio, and to be honest don't want to try it on the TV so I don't have to set it up because it was hard to get the stations in.In the lower frequencies 88-98, it was pretty average and picked up just about as much as a car stereo could. I couldn't get one or two stations perfect, and do have distance fuzz, but I'm not too picky. But then again, I didn't get much more than a pair of rabbit ears. At first, I was a little dissappointed, but at least I could get the stations I frequently listen to.In the 99+ frequencies, a TOTALLY different story. I didn't just get my locals. I did the auto search on my stereo and was picking up all these weird stations, mostly from the Phoenix area. Over 100 miles away! And in stereo with little to no fuzz. I was really impressed. I also liked that there was no inference. On most antennas (especially amplified ones) I'd expect 104.7 and 104.9 to get jumbled a bit but nope, works just fine.The amplifier works pretty good. I tried and returned an RCA rabbit-ear amplified antenna that worked WORSE than the paper clip! The amplifier on this one works really well, I just leave it on the max since I have no reason to turn it down. It doesn't hurt any station, it just makes them better.Terk seems to talk again and again about how compact it is but it's not all that small. It's definitely bigger than a loaf of bread, but it fits on my shelf just fine.On the TV, I'd think the higher channels would work better since that's the case with the radio. Therefore UHF is better than VHF.Overall, I'd recommend it to anyone trying to get a higher numbered frequency that is really far away or has inference. I'd also recommend it for people that live in hilly cities or a lower ground. I wouldn't recommend it for people wanting a lowered number frequency to come in to a like-local sound."
