When I first saw the DSC-U20 at the Sony Style showroom in midtown Manhattan, I was totally awed. This is definitely the smallest digital camera on the market today, and the styling is superb, making it one of the things you want to own the moment you see it on display.Under the beautiful skin is a capable digital camera, with 1632x1224 resolution (good for prints up to 6x4") and very good image quality. The small flash does limit its use in dark settings, and the lack of optical zoom sticks out as a disappointment, but considering the typical use for a camera like this -- quick snapshots, party memories, candid exposures -- the overall package is still excellent and the feature compromises understandable.(For the ultra-cool and compact digital camera with optical zoom -- 3X at that! -- I heartily recommend the Minolta Dimage X and Xi, also available on Amazon.com.)The camera's lens, rated at the 35mm equivalent of 33mm (which makes it a wide-angle), is well made, as is the case with all of Sony's cameras. The camera has center-weighted auto focus with macro capability, and also center-weighted auto exposure. Shutter speed is rated in the 1/30 - 1/2000 range, typical for consumer-class digital cameras. The LCD viewfinder measures 1", which is quite small but still usable to most people except those who need thick reading glasses. You get a few digital effects (black&white;, negative, solarize, soft snap, etc.) when you do feel the creative juice flowing. You can also take 160x112 MPEG-format video clips, but I find this feature pretty much uselessFor power the U20 uses two AAA NiMH rechargable batteries. You can buy these batteries for cheap at Radio Shack, for example, and the camera kit comes with a recharger, although you can buy fancier ones that charge in less time and condition the batteries as well (actual benefit: unknown). I've taken about 30 pictures, all with flash, so far, and the batteries are still good. I definitely prefer these batteries to LiIon since 1) NiMH AAA is cheap and sold everywhere, and 2) they hold more power than LiIon and also have more rechargable cycles (i.e., they can be recharged more times). I'll update the real-world battery life rating once I get a better picture of it.Weighing in at 4.5 ounces with batteries and sporting the "I'm just cool" styling of Sony, the U20 is a little digital camera you'll love and carry with you all the while."
