As far as other reviews, there must be a high defective rate because I dropped mine uncountable times and it plays like new.As far as sound, it has the same bass settings as previous Walkmans. No bass, bass boost, and full bass, but this player lists them as sound one and two. Volume goes pretty high but not high enough to hurt your hearing.This player has enough features to make the $30 worth it. It has a bass boost, repeat one, repeat all, program, and shuffle. Don't expect a radio or MP3 features since this is only 30 bucks, but there are other models that are a little more expensive with these features. The LCD is okay when it held by your hand but very unreadable on a desk or platform unless your far enough away from it, then the numbers get small. The LCD on earlier Walkmans were larger and were slanted so they were readable above. This player as I know of comes in five colors, white, light blue, light green, pink, light orange (which looks to similar to the pink...sorry), and the more expensive ones are in black. Most guys will find any color other than black or white (maybe green) girly", so stick with white, green, or black for guys (if your getting it as a present). The headphones are okay. They have a rubber grip that goes over your ear easily, then you can twist the earbud to fit better. I also found that you can make the grips come off and you can use them as earbuds only, the sound is the same. Sound of the headphones is okay, not as good as the Sony street style but better than the h.ear. There is also a hold button on the back if you want to ever travel with it. The back is white on all models like this. There is also an AC adapter on the top. There is no line out, make sure your not using this for a stereo. Overall it's pretty light and not too bulky. So far it's read every disc I threw in it, only ones with heavy scratches would not play (it overall did better than the Philips).Overall, you should be happy with your purchase as long as it works! 4 stars."
