Denon makes a lot of professional video equipment that costs tons of money, but this consumer-oriented DVD player, one of the few models on the market today that support DVI all-digital output, is both affordable and high-quality.A quick note: at least two other manufacturers (V! and Sansung) also have DVI-capable DVD players. But according to websites like extremetech, they give poor video output.Chances are, if you are reading this review, you probably already know what DVI is. For those that are new to the topic, DVI (digital video interface) is a true digital-only connection between a video source (e.g., DVD player) and a display. The signal that travels over the DVI cable is pure digital, as opposed to the analog signal over component, S-video and composite video cables. What does this mean? You get noise-free image on a DVI-capable TV set. Most namebrand HDTV sets now come with DVI input, e.g., Sharp, Panasonic, Pioneer, Sony, Hitachi.So, in order to take full advantage of this Denon player's digital output, you need an HDTV with a DVI connector. Once you couple the two together, you'll be amazed at the image quality. Not only is the DVI-driven video noise-free, but the image is also brigher. The Denon also features what's known as up-scalers". Since current DVD movies are *not* HD -- they are of the standard NTSC (or PAL, if you are in Asia or Europe) resolution -- the upscaler can magically make the DVD video appear HD. I don't know all the technical details of how this is done, but the upshot is, the image quality is improved and you'll be getting every bit of digital quality of your DVD movies.With some good DVD players selling for less than $50 -- e.g., my everyday DVD player is the $45 CyberHome slim-and-small progressive-scan player bought at Radio Shack -- is the Denon worth the extra money? The answer is a resolute yes, if you have a DVI-capable HDTV set. Seriously, if you have an HDTV, you *need* this player. Otehrwise you are not getting the best DVD playback. The Denon is actually a great buy, considering that the other DVI DVD players on the market today don't perform well. The Denon works, and works well. Any videophiles who lack the deep pocket of a professional or dedicated fanatic, should get this. Once you go DVI, you won't go back."
