I've been testing the F300 for a client and am happy to report this is one excellent digital camera. First of all it's an *affordable* 5+ megapixel digital camera that doesn't exhaust your retirement savings. Second, it sports top-notch picture quality, with well-saturated colors and well-defined clarity. (Fuji's cameras still have the best" color richness.) Then there are tons of features for the geeky type to play with. 3X optical zoom works smoothly, and as you can see from the product photo it's the traditional telescoping type, not the periscoping kind on the X series. Battery life is about average, which is to say "not bad" for a 5+ megapixel camera.The most amaing thing is the number of manual controls Minolta pakcs in with the F-series, which will make every SLR enthusiast at heart leap in joy. I didn't play with the manual controls much except the aperture mode, but I think if you want a digital camera with every imaginable manual adjustment you can think of, Minolta's F-series is the only product line that gives you this power.If you want a dependable digital camera, the F300 deserves a very serious look, and perhaps your next paycheck. (Update: since I first wrote this brief review the F-series has been getting rave editorial reviews from "professional" reviewers. Hence I'm getting one myself when my next paycheck arrives.)Update (9/10/03): The original review was written in May, not long after the F300 came out as successor to the highly acclaimed Dimage F100 3MP camera. Now I'm a proud of owner of an F300, I want to add some additional comments.Starting last month Minolta added four NiMH AA batteries with a 16-hour compact charger, a case, and a bonus CD-ROM to the original camera kit, and also upgraded the included SD memory to 32MB (from 16MB). This move boosted the F300's value and competitiveness against other cameras in this class. Amazon now also has a great price, which makes the F300 cheaper than its competitors from Canon and Sony. The camera itself is made in Japan and exhibits the highest level of build quality.Minolta's user's guide is the best I've seen in a long time. Printed on nice paper and written clearly, it comes in only English, so you don't have to pay for a user's guide in Spanish or French. Lots of high-quality illustrations, and they use a big font. I wish every manufacturer would print their manuals like this. A+!The best features of the F300 are (1) 5.3 megapixels for a great price, (2) lots of manual controls -- great for prosumers, (3) easy control - unlike Canon, Minolta makes it easy for you to adjust resolution and compression level, (4) uses 1 CR-V3 lithium non-rechargeable battery, or 2 AA NiMH batteries, to achieve good battery life -- and NiMH batteries are dirt cheap nowadays. In short, this is a powerful camera with lots of likable features, plus excellent image quality, in a compact, carry-anywhere package.My wish list for Minolta: increase the optical zoom power! 3X is standard, but you guys can win over even more buyers if you go to 5X or 6X. It can't be hard for you guys, can it? :)"
