The most amazing thing about the Shuffle, bar none, is its weight. Actually, it's weightlessness. You don't know that you are wearing it. If you pick it up, it feels like a piece of plastic holding air. At .78 ounces, that's the equivalent of 20 small paper clips.The first time I held one in my hand, I knew I had to have one. Never thought I could convince my wife to spend three H's on a big iPod, and with a cell phone and a PDA already, didn't need another weighty device hanging off of me.Enter Shuffle.I've had it for the past few weeks. The lack of a screen is a small minus. Sometimes it would be nice to know what's coming next, or find a particular track. But it's easy enough to skip if you hit one you don't want to hear -- which is rare, because after all, it's your music.Sound quality is fine. Battery life is OK, too, about 10-15 hours.Now, for the quibbles. Charging the Shuffle is a pain. You have to have it plugged into a USB port. I don't know about your desktop, but mine is on the floor, and it's a pain to plug and unplug. It's no problem on the laptop. Also, it takes 4 hours to fully charge. That's weak compared to the competish. (It's like, who cares that you have USB 2.0? You could USB 0.000001 and still transfer the songs in 4 hours.) There should be a quick charge option, an adapter, or something similar. You can get a docking station, but that defeats the $99 price point. Sony's offering a similar enough player with 70 hours (!), although it's a bit heavier and doesn't work with iTunes.Transferring songs is also a pain. There are hacks using the Shuffle in disk mode -- others here or on iPod web sites can tell you how to do it -- but directly uploading songs from Shuffle to computer is made difficult as a bar (albeit a low one) to piracy. I'm sure Apple is trying to keep the record labels happy, but it should be easier.Anyway, the last few weeks I've rediscovered my music collection -- another plus of the Shuffle. Although you can set up playlists, I prefer random. I've listened to great tunes I forgot I had. Old Santana, Marley, Zeppelin and U2 mixed with a little Green Day turns my grocery shopping into a groovy concert. And I've had probably 20 people ask me what's hanging around my neck. (19 positive, 1 jerk who joked that it looked like an alarm for elderly people for when they fall and can't get up).Final thought -- get the 512, not the 1 Gig. There is no point having more music (16 hours) than battery life (12 hours) without a screen. 120 songs is just fine 99 percent of the time.Enjoy!
