I absolutely disagree with the other two reviewers. These plug-style stereo earphones are great, and here's why.First of all, I'd always been looking for neck strap earphones. In the summertime, it's just so inconvenient to leave my Sony NW-HD3 MP3 player in a pocket, even though it is tiny. Plus, when I walk around my apartment naked, there's no pocket to speak of! So I was so excited to finally see these headphones at my local Sony Style store. Now all my summertime problems are solved!(I was hoping to get the red version, which would have gone real well with my red NW-HD3, but I couldn't find it anywhere, including the Sony Style store here in Boston, so I ended up getting this white version online. If you have an mini or flash iPod, this white version will go pretty well with it.)In terms of sound quality, I have no complaints. Now, if I really want great sound, I put on my studio reference headphones and go crazy. But for daily commute and use at work (or when I do chores around my apartment), I prefer a lightweight, in-ear type of headphones, and this NX1 model is perfect. It has a good range, not too high-pitched nor bassy. There's definitely a lack of deep bass here -- although you can use your MP3 player's graphic equalizer to compensate for it, which I do on my NW-HD3. If you want a pair of earphones with terrific bass (and are willing to go deaf for it), this is not for you. For great-sounding pop and jazz and classical, I find the sound quality of this NX1 just right for casual listening. As sort of a semi-audiophile type, I'm pretty happy with the sound quality -- and I don't say this because I'm blindly loyal to the Sony brand. (If you search through my Amazon reviews, you'd see that I once rated one of their earphones 1 star and another one 2 stars.)Because the NX1 employs rubber earbuds, it can block a lot of noise. This is not active noise-cancelling as with the expensive Bose headphones, but because the earbuds fit in your ear canals -- the NX1 earphones come fitted with medium-sized earbuds but include both large and small buds in the package -- they passively block out external noise. I personally prefer this type (and the over-the-ear closed type of headphones) because 1) I've never had good luck with active noise-cancelling headphones, and 2) I really wonder whether the low-frequency noise-countering sound emittd by active noise-cancelling headphones will actually destroy your hearing over the long term.So, the NX1 is a stylish, high-quality pair of bud-style earphones. You can adjust the length of the cords as well as the segment with the audio connector.My only complaint, which is minor to me but could be a problem for you, is the segment that houses the audio connector is short. Its length is perfect for my NW-HD3 and NW-E105, but I imagine it could be a problem for some players.In a nutshell, the NX1 makes a great pair of earphones for summertime music listening, esp. if you wear clothing that has no pockets.
