Last year (2003) I bought an earlier variant of this same series and have been very happy with my PC. The current C2310 is very similar to what I bought, so I'll just review this from my experience.For my money, when I buy a laptop, I want it to be of the highest quality. I'm paying serious money, and I expect to rely on the laptop for a couple years before upgrading (well, in my case I upgrade more often than that), so I want -- and you should, too -- to buy a machine with high-quality parts.Dell and Gateway, from my experience with their products, seem to use cheap parts that break easily. So what if you buy an on-site warranty? If your PC breaks down (like my Dell desktop does every so often), you still have to spend hours on the phone with some person from India who cannot speak proper English (in David Pogue's words, they do one side of an SNL skit), and then after wasting hours of your time, they reluctantly agree to send a technician over. Then you'll have to wait for that guy to come over the next day (or, if you called support after 5 pm central time, on the third day -- and this is assuming you have next-day service, otherwise you'll have to deal with the hassles of shipping the thing back), and you have no idea what time he or she will show up or if he or she can fix the problem. So, let's assume you save a couple hundred bucks on your purchase, but in the end, because the parts are low-quality, you suffer.Anyway, this is why I like my Fujitsu laptops. They are all very high-quality. I'm not affiliated with Fujitsu in anyway (check my profile), and I definitely don't know if you could pick up a lemon or not. But in my exprience, Fujitsu computers work fast, are well designed and built, and always beat my ever-rising expectations.The C-series is meant as a value-oriented desktop replacement. Even though their prices are competitive vis-a-vis Dell and Gateway and HP, their quality is far superior to the other manufacturers. These are *solid* machines. They are not hyped-up speed demons that eventually melt down. They don't look glamorous junkies with a defective motherboard. They are just solid tools. Whether you surf wirelessly or do you personal finance or write your next Harry Potter-buster or burn DVDs and CDs, the Fujitsu's get the work done.It's sad that a bunch of moron are running Fujitsu's marketing department. Once again, it proves that good engineering and manufacturing cannot sell products. Dell makes low-quality products but they make people believe they are good. The world is such an unfair place, isn't it?
