The QuickCam Messenger is one little webcam that is totally affordable and works great. The resolution is 640x480, although the native resolution captured by the chip seems lower as at the maximum image quality is not what you'd expect from a true VGA digital camera. But that's ok. I usually run the QuickCam at a lower resolution, to improve framerate over my DSL connection. What's cool about this model is it has a built-in microphone, so you don't need to fumble with an external mic if your PC doesn't already have one built-in. (Tip: wear headset to avoid audio feedback into the mic, which will confuse the heck out of your chat companion!)The webcam captures decent colors. The key is to have good ambient lighting: place a light behind the camera, not behind yourself! Also don't use a strong light source; something soft works best. The camera provides auto-white balance as well as auto exposure. Focus, however, is not automatic, so you need to manually turn the focus ring to get the sharpest picture of yourself. You can also snap still images of yourself, if that's what you are into.If you run Windows XP, you don't need to install any driver. Just plug in the QuickCam Messenger, and fire up the latest version of MSN Messenger (version 6), which was compiled to work great with Logitech webcams, thanks to some marketing agreement between Microsoft and Logitech. You can also use Yahoo Messenger, but the new MSN Messenger has better video chat than Yahoo's offering. For AOL's instant messenging program, you'll need to install a utility on the companion CD-ROM. I haven't tried it since I don't use AIM, so can't comment on its quality.For other flavors of Windows -- Win 2000, ME or 98 -- install the companion software first before you plug in the QuickCam Messenger. The installer will tell you went to plug the webcam into the USB port.In short, this webcam gives decent image quality (esp. considering the price, before or after rebate) and has the nice touch of a built-in mic. The downside is no auto focus and so-so image quality.Note: There's no support for Macintosh. If you use a Mac, get a Windows XP PC, or you can probably use Virtual PC 6 to make it work.
