I've been recently using a pair of Koss UR21's for my home system. Now, I won't hate on them, they actually sound pretty darn good for the low price, but they sound very average compared to the Sennheisers I had before them. I tried some headphones and was left a bit disappointed until I looked at these. Someone had recommended them to me, and I read some online reviews and no one had anything bad to say about these cans. And not to mention on here (for some reason) they're offered way below MSRP. I've been burning them in a bit, and have to say these are some good headphones--great detail, ridiculous value, and good looks make me give these a good four stars.Now, first sound, you must understand, when I rate headphones I rate them on a value", which means if they're $5, I'm not going to say they flat out suck. I'm going to say they're good for the price. And for the MSRP, these are good, actually excellent for the price. Very neutral bass, which makes these sound very decent on detailed music. The bass isn't offensively muddy, though some hip-hop fans will be disappointed in the neutral bass. I know any hip-hop fan loves to explode the bass, if so look up the HD555's instead. Anyhow, even when I turn on my bass booster, they don't sound bass-light, just neutral. Which is a good thing, right? The mids are well represented, and don't sound overpowered one bit, even at higher volumes. They sound slightly dry, but I actually like this type of sound, which is again why after reading some reviews on some headphones sites I was highly interested in these. The upper mids sound very similar to the lower mids, not overpowered, and a bit dry sounding. The treble is like most Sennheisers, not bright like the Grados, but detailed. They lack in 14-16k treble, but sound great above that range. They release some new things to songs and sound a bit fuzzy on 128 kbps MP3s (be honest, you're excited now). With a slight EQ adjustment, these can possibly sound completely flat. Again, these are not suited for those who want extra extra bass explosion, and are really different from the 150's and 250's of this line, but are very detailed and flatter-sounding cans. If you enjoy that sound you should be pleased with these. The soundstage is also a bit more open than most other headphones.As far as comfort, these are fairly comfortable, but feel a bit tight at first. The earcups are comfy, but the headband is a little tight for my head. But I suppose this is trivial. They don't look adjustable from the photo, but they are. I got a little confused by the photo as well, I thought these were blue/silver. I think I might upload a picture of mine, the Amazon photo is small. They are silver, but the earcups are actually gray. And I had to take a laugh, on the headband theyy have a trash can with a big X on it. Who would actually throw these away? Even if you didn't like the sound, I'm sure you'd return them or sell them. Back to the headphones, they have a 10-foot cord, which is good because I no longer have to use my extension for my only 4-foot Koss. The cord might bother the portable crowd a bit, otherwise they provide a ton of room from your source. Speaking of portable sources, these have 32 Ohms, so they power fine on basically anything you throw at them. Portability-wise, these don't fold up, but are a bit smaller than what some others claim, even though I'll still be using my earbuds for that cause.Overall, a solid set of headphones for the home user in mind. They could be a bit more comfortable, but the sound is very good, they look well crafted, and have a roomy 10-foot cord. For the cost, these are definitely worth it. I'd also recommend these if you want to enter the audiophile world. 4 stars."
