The SL-SV550 from Panasonic is a stylish, lightweight CD player that also works well with MP3 audio files and has a nice built-in radio with both AM and FM bands. This model is not the sporty, rugged type Panasonic also sells, but nonetheless exhibits the highest build quality. (Made in Japan.)Pros:- Incredibly long battery life on two AA batteries. Takes both alkaline (1.5Vx2) and NiMH (1.2Vx2) types of batteries. The battery indicator has four levels: 1-3 bars, plus no bar to indicate low battery. I've played a mixture of audio CDs, MP3 CD-Rs and radio for over a week on two fresh AA alkalines from Walgreen's, and there are still 1-2 bars left. Just incredible. The use of standard AA batteries also means to need to buy expensive proprietary batteries or carry a charger. NOTE: if you use NiMH batteries, due to their low initial voltage, the indicator may exhibit only 1-2 bars from the start, but the NiMH batteries will actually last longer. This is speaking from my experience with other Panasonic CD/MP3 players (e.g., SX70/80).- Very clean sound. The bundled headphones are ok, but I use a set of noise-cancelling earbuds, and the sound from the Panasonic is very clean and pleasant. The bass, even when boosted, is not too strong, but that's fine with me as excessive bass gives me headaches. There's plenty of volume from the radio and audio CD plays, but MP3 audio can be a bit too soft, so you may want to get a pair of volume-control headphones.- Compatible with audio CDs, CD-R and CD-RW burned with audio CD tracks, CD-R and CD-RW burned with MP3 or WAV files. I've tried a good many number of MP3-filled CD-R discs, some even scratched, and the Panasonic has no trouble with any of them. Some notes here: 1. When creating an MP3 CD be sure to put files in different root-level folders, with no more than 12 in each folder. The Panasonic strives for simplest controls, at the expense of extensive file navigation. The use of folders simplifies skipping to the album (folder) and track (file) you want. The player does remember the last track/file played, unless you change discs. 2. This player does not display ID3 tags, only track number and elapsed time. This is more a CD player that can support MP3 files, rather than a dedicated MP3 player. For the latter, you might as well go for an iPod, Rio or RCA Lyra.- Great radio functions. Very good reception, better than my dedicated portable radio, and deafeningly loud at the max volume. Twenty FM presets and ten AM presets. Very easy to program.- Anti-skip that works flawlessly. You shouldn't drop this unit, though, as it's not designed to be dropped.- Stylish and lightweight. Only 6 ounces with two AA batteries.Minor cons:- Cannot search within an MP3 track. You can search within audio CD tracks, but not within MP3. No big deal for music, but inconvenient for MP3 audio books.- Small buttons. Buttons are responsive but not laid out logically, and they are all too small. A few times I pressed the skip button instead of volume control which I meant to.- Battery compartment is under the CD. My old Panasonic discmen had external battery compartments, but the newer models all put them under the CD, inside. If the door is not closed in place it can pop up and scratch your CD. The engineer who made this switch should be shot. Also, when will Panasonic start using AAA batteries to make these even slimmer?In summary, a great portable CD/MP3 player for the buck. Highly recommended (unless you plan to listen to a lot of MP3s).
