Ok, so recently I stepped on my Earhugger A1000 Action Wrap Headphones. Unfortunately, they sounded good and fit really well. When I went back to BL they were all out. So I tried a pair of RPHS34 headphones by Panasonic (my review didn't go through and don't feel like writing one). They sound good and fit well but leaked way too much sound. So I ordered a pair of JVC earbuds on Amazon which I will review when they arrive. So on to these Koss P4 earbuds. I didn't buy them. These came with a set of big Koss headphones and since my friend can't stand earbuds, they passed these up to me. Hey, how can I pass down something that's free? Since they were really cheap and the reviews for these were bad I expected these to suck but really these are some good earbuds given the low price.I tried these on some of my music and sounded pretty good, not great but much better than others claim. Just with the EQ off these sounded good. The bass is actually pretty rich to me comparing the Sony MDRE828LP and the Earhugger A1000. These don't provide near as much bass as those that cost much more but do sound good enough for their purchase. Mids sounded fine, But as with most of the cheaper earbuds I noticed a bit much in the 200-500k range. These also provide a good lcean sound to them, you don't hear fantastic detail but you can hear most of which comes out of your tunes. Overall, above average sound quality. Not excelling in anything but not failing in anything.I've also heard that these are too big. Yes, they are larger than most, but with the provided pads on them they fit my rather SMALL ears just fine. These aren't for running or excercising, if you are looking for something on that matter you may want to pick up the Koss KSC22 or the Sony MDRJ10. These don't fall out when walking but any vigorous activity will just not work with these headphones.One thing you MUST know is about the lifetime warranty. Yes, they come with the lifetime warranty. But unless you bought these in the pack with the big headphones, the warranty is pretty useless since you have ot send in five bucks to get them repair. Somewhat a ripoff if you look at the price listing for these seperately.Overall, a good middle-of-the-road chose for those looking for somethnig with good sound and are comfortable and don't want to spend a ton. They are no where near the best headphones you can buy, nor are they the best sub ten, but for a cheap and well suitable replacement for your iPod or other portable player, these are it. 4 stars.
