It must be hard to be a gadget designers. You take an excellent CD player and decide to add the ability to play MP3 and WMA files while selling the new model for the same price, and then, to your surprise, you get a bunch of whiners complaining why you didn't make it capable of showing porn movies and also washing dishes at the same time, all for the same low price.The point is, this is a very solid CD player that can also play MP3 and WMA files. The interface is very simple, just like on a regular CD discman. Yes, if you had 1000 songs you'd have to press the forward button 999 times to get to the last one. But this is not meant to be a dedicated MP3 player. For that you have the iPods, the RCA Lyras, the Rio's, the Archos jukeboxes. If you listen to a lot of MP3's, you should get a dedicated MP3 player, not this. This is for those of us who listen to CDs on the go a lot, and sometimes have a CD-R or two burned with our favorite MP3s.Tip - to get around the press forward 99 times to get to the 100th song or 999 times to get to the 1000th song" problem, put a dozen songs in each folder. The Panasonic automatically designates each folder an album, and you can skip to the next album by holding down the fast-forward button.As for the criticism of the volume, I guess it's a very personal thing. I listen to music on the earphones for about 1.5 hours each day, usually during my commute to and from work. I believe my hearing is excellent -- at least that's what my company doctor tells me -- so to me, the bundled Panasonic headphones are already pretty loud at volume level 18, even on a noisy subway such as the No. 1 train or one of the older N trains here in New York. But I usually use a set of Aiwa headphones with bass boost and in-line volume control (bought at Centure 21 downtown near the World Trade Center site) and everyone I've let try out this combination says the volume is more than adequate, even at mid-level settings. I think the upshot is, you have to try it yourself. If you have indulged in loud music directly over your ears over the years, the sad truth is you probably should cut down the amount of music you listen to and work with a specialist to restore some of your hearing abilities.So these are my 2 cents on the excellent SL-MP80. (The slightly cheaper SL-MP70 does not support WMA but is otherwise identical. I have a longer review for that model because that's what I eventually kept.) The sound quality is great, battery life is excellent (although it's stupid for Panasonic to put the battery compartment inside the player so you can't change batteries without taking out the CD), and the design is stylish. I think you'll like this CD player a lot, assuming you are not too hard at hearing."
