Alright, it's the 21st century now. It's getting to the point where portable CD players are nice...but are so 20th century. I decided I needed a less-bulky and nicer portable audio device. Searching around Best Buy, I came across this. Let me tell you, the iPod is probably the most overrated portable electronics device ever.Okay, first off by reading the 1-star or 2-star amazon.com reviews, many of them are either unfair or haven't given it a chance/didn't read directions.Okay, I've heard A LOT about Napster software. For starters, which is a dissappointment, If you don't have Windows XP, go back to the search engine, because it's only compatable with XP. Macs don't count. Maybe, not guarrantee this, but maybe it will work on Windows ME. Not 100% sure, but all stores have a money-back guarantee...right? Also, it's not JUST compatable with Napster. Just because it says Napster on the box and player, does that mean ONLY Napster? No. It's also compatable with Windows Media Player 10, and I've also heard some people got it to work well with RealPlayer. Napster isn't the ONLY software compatable with this player.For features, it has way more features than the standard, or even photo iPod. First off, yes, it has a built-in digital camera. The pictures aren't crystal clear, but I have a digital camera to do this for me. The pictures are fair to good, but don't get this just for the camera.What you should get this for is for the wondeful MP3 player/organizer, radio, and MP3 recorder (both line-out and microphone). First off, the menus and organizing is unbelieveable. The menu has a few options, then those options have options, and so on. Example, if you click Music, you have artist, album, genre, song. Then, one you get into the organizer, if you click on a song, it will show up in Now Playing". It would be better if it had a button to go back to the main menu, but it's only a minor problem. The FM tuner was better than expected and actually better than most portable radios out there. The microphone was also a great feature, and recorded voice very clearly. There is also a line-out to hook up the player to a set of speakers. If you need a car adapter, a lot of electronics stores sell cassette adapters for only about $10. The line-out also lets you record to another audio device. (Example: You can connect the TV to the MP3 player and the player will record the TV.)The MP3 player holds around 5,000 songs on the MP3 format at around 192 kb/s. Personally, I use 128, so I have about a hundred extra. It depends on how much quality you want out of your tunes. If you want so-so sounding, you'll get more than 5,000, and if you want high quality, it will likely be less. And, it also supports WMA files, so then you'll have far more than 5,000 songs.The sound quality is excellent. The player features presets for the equalizer, similar to the one in WMP, without the distortation. It also features a 3D equalizer, which many companys (Samsung, Panasonic, RCA) have been doing with their audio products as well. The MP3 player will power most, and about all headphones.The LCD is in fact proven to be colored, and it is very sharp. It is 1.8 inches, which is equivalent or bigger to the size of an iPod screen. Some players like the Rio Karma have gigantic screens; though, the look is very unappealing. The player also allows you to view your own photos, or the album art. Or, you can look at the headphones, which to me gets hilarious after a few looks.The biggest dissappointment is battery life. Ten ohurs may seem long, but in reality, not really. Most MP3 players have around 15-20 hours of battery. Though, this isn't much of a gripe for the non-travelers.Also, the USB 2.0 was nice of Samsung; giving us the best cable link from the MP3 player to the computer.Overall, unless you don't have Windows XP, and aren't a serious traveler, the YH925GS kicks the iPod in the trash. Well, you would throw away an iPod, right?"
