I just got this yesterday from Amazon. I got the orange model because it just looks so stylish (in picture and, indeed, in person). This is to be my backup compact camera, when I don't have my beloved Fujifilm Finepix F30 6MP camera with me. (Compared to the F30, the V10 is taller but thinner and shorter. They weigh about the same, I think.)Here're my initial impressions:PICTURE QUALITY: very good outdoors during the day, and average/above-average indoors. Fujifilm (aka Fuji) has produced a line of compact cameras, starting with the F10, renowned for their low-light, high-ISO performance. (ISO refers to the camera's sensitivity to light; the higher the ISO is, the less light the camera requires in order to capture an image with enough brightness and contrast.) The F30, my workhorse, is just superb in low-light conditions, pretty much rivaling (or even besting) my digital SLR, the Nikon D70. The V10 uses a slightly older sensor than the F30 -- in fact, the V10's sensor and Real Photo" processor are the same as the discontinued F10. This means two things: 1) When there's enough light, the V10 turns in excellent-looking pictures; 2) When the light is dim, the V10 cannot match the image quality of the F30. In fact, it seems to be slightly worse than the F10 in capturing low-light images. But compared to most other compact digital cameras, even those from Canon and Nikon, the V10 does a quite respectable job. For example, if you use the V10 to capture a candlelight moment, the image won't steal your heart, but it'll make a nice memorable photo, provided you have steady hands or use a tripod.VIDEO QUALITY: 640x320 (VGA) or 320x240 (QVGA) with sound. Recorded in AVI format which is great for mobile playback as almost all mobile video devices can support AVI. You cannot zoom during shooting (reason: zooming produces horrendous-sounding motor noise which could be amplified by the movie mode, hence Fujifilm disabled zooming during movie shooting). Very good video quality when played back on a PC or TV (in the VGA mode).USABILITY: very fast, very responsive. The V10 also uses the same interface as other Fujifilm compacts, so if you've used a Fuji before, you'll be right at home with this one (except perhaps with the placement of the buttons). People switching from other brands will face an easy learning curve. The buttons are small but responsive. The gigantic 3.0" LCD viewfinder is very bright and high-resolution (230,000 pixels). It's also very fast, meaning you'll see scenes in real-time as you shoot pictuers or video.GAMES: the only camera on the market to offer games! You get four of them. Quite entertaining, and the graphics of the games looks really great on the 3-inch LCD screen. The controls, however, are a bit awkward due to shape and placement of the four-way controller. If you have nimble fingers you'll get used to the controls fairly quick. I love the games.BATTERY: don't know yet as I haven't run it through a torture test. Rated at 170 pictures according to the Japanese CIPA standard. My F30 is rated at 550 but I took over 500 shots plus loads of movies on one charge last time.STYLING: not as thin as those crazy Sony or Casio models. (BTW I love Sony and Casio cameras, too. Canon and Panasonic also make great compact digital cameras - Panasonic ones have great image stabilization. I'm not hot on Nikon or Kodak or Minolta or Pentax, and to me HP cameras are too ugly. Won't even consider any other brands.) The orange color looks delicious. Overall styling is eye-catching, esp. that huge 3" LCD...In summary, I think I like this Fuji a lot. It won't replace my F30 for important family photos, but it'll make a great tote-in-the-biker bag/handbag camera for everyday photo opportunities.PS: I should mention this. Fujifilm is a huge sponsor of the conservation of giant pandas and other endangered specifies. I end up buying only Fuji cameras these days both because of their excellent quality and their generosity toward conservation efforts. Thank you, Fujifilm.PPS: My unit is "made in Japan." When I first turned it on yesterday there was what looked like a green dead pixel on the LCD, but it magically disappeared after an hour or two, so now the LCD looks perfect and defect-free."
