I don't own the Apple Nano. My friend does and I used it enough to write an Amazon review about it.Sound Quality: The sound quality was not as good as on my iRiver (my i had more clarity and a little more bass response), but the difference isn't even noticeable unless your obsessive-compuslive about sound. There is a custom EQ along with some presets to match what genre of music you like. I've never seen the Apple earbuds but most people say they are awful so you should probably pick up some better earbuds or headphones (the ones I have are the Panasonic RPHJE50's and my friend's are the cheaper Sony MDRJ10's if that helps you on your search).Interface: Well, I must say I'm impressed. I will say that it's much easier to use than most MP3 players on the market (the iPod's interface is really the whole reason they are so popular). The artists, albums, genres, and titles are set up like most, in category forms so you can find your song. Note that 500 songs (128 kbps, trust me don't go any lower) is around 40 albums, so I would recommend stepping up to the 4 GB Nano which will hold 1,000 songs/80 albums. The software the Nano uses is iTunes (which most people are familiar with). It does pretty much any function Windows Media Player, RealPlayer, or MusicMatch would do. It's easy to create playlists on iTunes and send them into your player.Features: The Apple Nano has some features, even though it's somewhat lacking. One of the best features is it's size. This thing is small, only 3.5 x 1.6 x 0.27 inches and only weighs 1.5 ounces. The player does display album art, most MP3 players will not do that. It has a nice 1.5-inch color display and a photo viewer. It works with most OSs, even my friend got it to work on Windows 98. Some websites will podcast and you can put casts on your Nano. The Nano has some nice features, however, some of the features are lacking. The battery life is only 14 hours while most MP3 players are more than this. It charges and syncs with one USB, which means you have to take both along if you have to charge it. Hopefully your computer has a USB port in the front like me, that way you won't have much of a hassle. There is no FM tuner/recording but most people don't need that feature, however I think it should be deserved for the high cost.Durability: The durability is much better than an iPod. I've heard batterys are fine on the Nano unlike iPods. It seems pretty durable, though I would highly recommend getting a case AND a rubber thing for it for two reasons. 1) It scratches very easily, both the plastic and the LCD. 2) The Nano will probably break if you drop it on concrete or the road.Price: Just in my opinion, the price is way too high for just a 4 GB MP3 player. I think Apple is just asking for too much. I know it's small, but that still doesn't balance the price.Overall: The Apple 4 GB Nano is a treat anyone would enjoy. Though the price is high and it doesn't have a radio or a record feature, it's good because of its size and its ease of use. 4 stars.
