This is a review based on the $20 I paid and the $30 that these are now going for. First, let me tell you that I have a lot of experience with excellent headphones in this price range. I own or have owned the Sennheiser PX100, Sennheiser EC 150, grado Sr60, igrado, AKG K81dj, Bose Triport (older version). I also own several in ear models such as the Ultimate Ears Super fi 5pro, Denon C-700, Shure E500, Etymotic ER6i, and some ear canal models such as the Sennheiser CX 300, Beyerdynamic DTX 50, Crossroads Mylar X3, Sony EX51, and the bose triport earbuds.Of course, the best sounding item I own is not the Sony Altus model, it is hands down the Shure E500, but for $20-30 these Sony's are an absolute Gem. Yeah, I can see how other reviewers may have had problems with the build quality. The plastic is a bit flimsy that connects the earcups to the headband, and also when you adjust the headband up and down to get a fit, it seems a bit less durable than the typical sliding mechanism. Keeping this in mind, doing this with care and being gentle may prove to be important for the life of the product. These limitations may be significant if you are known to beat up your equimpent, or toss them in a backpack with a lot of heavy crap like school books, etc.Onto the sound. I personally like the sound signature of these cans. The mids are forward and involving, great for Jazz and classical music, as well as vocals. Highs are sharp and decent at worst. The low end response is deep but doesn't thump artificially with authority as bassheads may prefer, but the way these are designed it helps combat listening fatigue.I would say that these are very comfortable headphones, A close second to only my bose triports (the full sized headphones, not the earbuds). I also think these sound better across more genres, and also the relatively short, SINGLE SIDED cord makes them highly portable.Nevermind the open closed switch. Its a big gimmacky, and doesn't make a tremendous impact either way. Regardless of how you set the switch on each side, the sound is quite good, and I'm willing to wajor you will not find a more comfortable full sized $30 headphone with this type of refined sound. Im wondering if the headband breaks if these earcups will fit into a grado sr60 headband or a bose triport headband.Comfort ant fit: As I mentioned, these are quite comfortable. I have normal sized ears, and my ears fit within the cushions which is important not only for the seal, but also to get the intended soundstage of the can. Overall though, the feel is quite luxurious and sony clearly did design these with the intent of competing with the Bose triport model.These are not Active noise cancelling headphones, but block out a fair amount of ambient sounds when you have your music playing. They sound great out of my 6G ipod classic and I highly recommend them if you're looking for a full sized can with comfort and a nice, involving, warm sound signature and you are capable of taking care of your gear.A more durable portable solution for a few extra dollars would be the PX100, but those are open backed and leak lots of sound. If you are considering the bose triports (either the supra-aural or circum-aural designs) these are well worth the look, at 1/5 or 1/6 of the price!