LG 42LB5600 42-Inch TV (2014 Model)  - http://goo.gl/mUA1Sb
Mathlete

I purchased this TV to be in our workout room for when I want to watch ESPN, the news, or a movie while on the elliptical. So, this is not my everyday TV that I needs to have the latest and greatest technical specifications, hardware, and features. For my purposes, it just needed to be light enough to hang on the wall, clear enough to see from 7 - 13 feet away, and with a slim frame.

The LG 32LB5600 is a great fit for my needs and at a great price. It is extremely light and minimal in design.

The LG 32LB5600 sports a 32" Full HD 1080p resolution screen that presents a nice quality picture with clarity driven by LG's MCI (Motion Clarity Index) feature delivering an effective refresh rate of 120 Hz. Unlike some larger screen models with native 120HZ and greater refresh rate, this TV doesn't produce a 'soap opera effect' but still maintains decent crispness with fast moving scenes in action movies or in live sports. Again, not the best picture quality in the world, but an extremely good picture for the money you are spending.

The LG 32LB5600 offers virtual surround sound from its built-in speaker, but that is just a marketing ploy in my honest opinion. It sounds like any ordinary built-in speaker and will not blow you away with its depth, range, or immersiveness.

Because it is in my workout room, i have the TV hooked up to a 2.1 soundbar and wireless subwoofer that can connect with other devices through Bluetooth. that allows me to play music when the TV is not on, and have a truly crisp sound that I can hear over the whir of my elliptical. In my opinion, you will want to get a decent soundbar for this TV too as the internal speakers leave a lot to be desired.

The biggest reason that some people would not want this TV is the low number of HDMI connection slots. There are 2 slots (1 on the rear, 1 on the side) that are easily taken up by my cable box and Chromecast. If you want this TV is a playroom or kids room, you will find it challenging to keep swapping out components like game consoles, media streaming devices, a Blueray player, etc. But for this size and class of LED TV, 2 HDMI inputs seems par for the industry.

In all, I am extremely happy with my purchase and recommend the LG 32LB5600 for a kids room, playroom, bedroom, workout room, or any other room that is not the main television viewing area. The picture quality is great, the slim frame is classy, and the price is right.