Cuisinart CPT-440 Touch to Toast Leverless 4-Slice Toaster - http://goo.gl/CSZWA5
Angel-Kat

I was hesitant to spend so much money on a toaster because I've been burned (sorry) many times before. The last one was a cheap model that lasted about 3 months. I read the reviews here and went for it because the levers are what had failed on the junk toaster.

I fell in love on first use, granted I used just plain home-style white bread, but the toast came out perfectly browned on the standard 4 setting. I hadn't had perfect toast in years. It brought to mind the 2001 Hugh Jackman movie “Kate & Leopold” where Leopold is disgusted by “the General of Electric” and rigs his own timer on the toaster device. Anyway, I had to calm myself down and put off writing a gushing review this long because I was so charmed by the leverless action, watching the toast go slowly down and up on its own, seeing the dash display show how much longer, and watching perfect toast rise. That first week I wanted to record it toasting and send the video to my family –which I did NOT do, thank you! And, it is fast compared to other toasters and toaster ovens I've used over the years. I was afraid it was too good to be true and now I’m afraid that I've jinxed breakfast.

It works on English muffins, When Pigs Fly Harvest Bread (not high), and bagels. I prefer to NOT use the bagel setting because we keep ours in the fridge and I like to heat the outside too. Note: one bagel was pre-sliced wrong and was a tight fit but that was because it had been sliced incorrectly. I had trouble with an Italian Bread that was too long for the slots. I tipped it on edge a bit for the shorter slices but had to cut the others.

Some reviewers have issue with the beeps claiming they are too loud. When each 2-slot side is done it shortly beeps twice and sometimes if both finish at the same time, it will only beep twice instead of four times. I have no problem with the volume. It is quieter than my other kitchen appliance beeps.

Because the prior junk toaster levers did not raise the toast high enough, I was concerned and bought my first pair of tongs to use with this toaster. Although I don’t need them because it raises everything high enough to remove with fingers, I've become civilized and love the tongs too. (Kuhn Rikon 6-Inch Small Silicone Chef's Tongs, Red – I’d be careful if there is any chance of these tongs being abused with non-cooking tasks in your house. There is a steel rod inside the silicone coating and could be a problem if exposed.)

In summary… I wish the slots were an inch longer and slightly wider but only for specialty bread needs, not an issue for "normal" breads. I wish it came in non-stainless version. I wish the crumb tray access was from the front. But all of that is not enough to change my 5-star adoration of the toasting it does, and that it shows how much longer to go with bars and beeps when done. 6 stars if I could for the toasting.