The reviews of this camera are correct. It is an excellent SLR. High megapixel produces great images and usual canon controls. For landscape photography it really does the job. Video is clear, would like to see better out focus and can be grainy at high ISO. Recommend staying at lower ISO, but I have been able to take amazing night sky shot. Really love 6D and cost just right
Great sensor with high ISO. Purchased two years ago. Full-frame camera at a terrific price point. The high ISO and HD video capabilities make this a terrific purchase at a $1,600 price point. Sensor/ISO quality is much better than 5D Mark II--compared via indoor videography.
This camera is simply amazing. It's small and light weight. It's also very easy to learn the new features (compared to my last Canon body). There's nothing wrong about it. It takes stunning pics. The best part is the built-in wifi feature. The camera gets on its wifi and from my iPhone, I can see the pics and instantly post my shot. Love this camera. Can't recommend it enough!!!!
Amazing camera body, combined with EF 24-105/F4.0 L zoom. An excellent combo. Has very high resolution, excellent color quality and extremely versatile. Still experimenting and learning its huge range of features. Excellent FX sensor camera at a reasonably low price.
Favorite camera in my bag with it's light but strong body, full frame sensor, and high resolution. For the price, can't be beat. I do love the 5d Mk III but, again, for the money, can't be beat and sometimes the features on the 5d almost seem overkill for every day and wedding shooting.
Been shooting it for four months. I love the low light capabilities. I opted for this over the 5D M3. I am satisfied. No stars off because of the position of the AF button. My hands are big and with my hand strap I am always accidentally pushing it.
WOW, a year later and I'm still finding new stuff... only complaint is the wireless feature, doesn't seem to have a very good range when using my phone and remote apps. Otherwise this camera is awesome! Very happy!
Very high end, full-frame professional camera. The 2014 canon rebate made the price right. Lots of research went into this purchase and this is where I landed for a full-frame camera!
I need to have always in my house these marker. I use them to write my lists,and they look awesome!Just get a frame,change the default pic with a nice pattern background and you have a cool board.
I ordered these because I got a great deal and half regretted it until I tried them out. Did I need them? No.. but they're beautiful! They glide over surfaces. I tried them out on windows and the color is bright and happy. They wipe off with a little pressure. I'm confident I'll get a lot of use out of these!
These are great. They work on any non porous surface, but I've only used them on glass so far. They're perfect for writing on the bathroom mirror and windows. The colors are vibrant, a lot brighter than I had expected. And they come with this cute holder. The ink washes off easily too. I love these markers!I recieved these at a promotional price in exchange for my honest review.
Theses are really amazing. I hadn't really thought of using these before but after getting them you realize how many things you can use them on. We mostly use them on car and house windows (our own of course) to have fun like drawing a face on our back car window or flowers on our house windows. These do come off easily when you need them too and they don't have any smell.
These markets work great on chalk board or black foam boards. Love the silicone case that comes with them!!
It takes a couple of minutes to get the marker ready to write for the first time. The color look great and tip of marker stays saturated with ink. The paint is dry after few seconds. A lot better than the average dry marker. I would not recommend for small children however.
My daughter LOVED these ans uses them every day! They are so bright on her chalk board. I would lutchase these agian and agian. I recieved this product at a discount for my review.
I was given a discount in exchange for an honest review. These chalk markers work great! Gorgeous colors, perfect for decorating my husband's car for our anniversary. (*evil laugh*) Highly recommended! The holder is super handy, too.
These are great markers! There is no smell like those permant markers! The colors are so bright and cool! I can think of a lot of applications from the glass to labeling things in my pantry! Will get s lot of uses out of them, thank you for a great product!
Wonderful marker set for advertising using our storefront glass. Its a business must have. It does take about one minute or so of priming the market before its ready for use.
Just got these markers! Love them! Very cool! These are perfect for use in my classroom. Very easy to use, with bright colors.
Very bright, smooth flow. As an amateur crafter I am delighted with these chalk markers ---- small to large chalk board displays are one of my hobbies and these ones with their super bright colors add the special touch needed to impress.
We homeschool and these are the first chalkboard markers I have ever used. I love how smooth they write. This is a seriously great buy. I don't know how I got along without them.
I received these today and could not wait to try them. They do not leak nor do they run and they come out clean and even. I have chalk bubbles up the wall by my front door to remind me of appointments and such, and with these bright colors I feel more secure knowing that I will notice my important dates as they stand boldly out.
Good book..I enjoyed the story and the subplots. Good character development and story lines. I highly recommend the whole series.
I found this book delightful. It is quite entertaining and has an original look at dominant and submissive relationships. What happens when a charming, handsome dominant falls hard for a girl who is not a natural submissive but is a total sexual innocent. Can they make it work? Can they learn to love and trust each other. Will they need to make compromises and can they?
All everyone talks about is all the kinky sex that goes on, but really.. There's so much more to this book. I read Fifty Shades Of Grey in less than two weeks. Completely and absolutely hooked from the very first chapter. It's like a television series that ends each episode with something crazy and you just have to see what's gonna happen next! Ahh love it love it !
I actually seen the movie first and decided I wanted to read the book to compare note. The book was well written I thought, and would recommend it to all the curious ladies out there.
 actually love this series..... I get into it... sexually hahaha but you need a read. And you want something different. Go ahead and try. Instead of judging.
Best enduring, soul searching, gut reaching, heartless finds true love- story ever written. I will read these books until I'm 100.. Timeless classics
It came nicely packaged. I used it after I washed my daughters hair with a dab of conditioner. Really soft and shiny. I used on my hair as well, then flat ironed it the next day. We have really curly hair and it gets real dry. My hair came out shiny too without being greasy. I use on my dry hands and cuticles too. It's non greasy and doesn't have any smell to. Can't wait to cook with it.
Awesome product. I use it on my dry hands and my daughter's hair. It says external use only. But the label also says it can be used for cooking. consuming this would then become internal, which is confusing to me. for this reason I plan to only use it as described above (External use) as a safety precaution.
I use coconut oil all the time, but had never tried fractionated coconut oil before. This was to my surprise better and easier to use than the solid.
"If you have curly hair, I recommend you buying this product! I saw an almost instant improvement with my hair which is curly, colored, and damaged from straightening. It was sent to me & received in exchange for my honest review."
I love this for mixed with my essential oils. Also i like so much, the follow up the company provide and service. I receive a discount on this product as exchange of my honest review. And im truly love all this products!
I absolutely LOVE this coconut oil! So far I've used it to help my daughter's cradle cap, clear up her diaper rash, and as a moisturizer on my legs. You don't have to use much so you really get your money's worth with the 16oz. I'll definitely make sure to keep this stocked in my house because of its versatility!
Excellent product. Very easy to use. So far I have used it for a skin moisturizer and after a shower in my hair for a light conditioner. I have a mild case of psoriasis and this is very soothing, non irritating. Non oily/greasy. I would purchase again.
This is a good sized bottle for the price. The smell is good. I was very surprised at all the different things you can use this for. I do believe this is the healthiest my hair has been in a long time. You only have to use very little and that works very effectively. I highly recommend. I WILL be buying it again. Love it.
Radha does it once again with excellent quality with their Coconut Oil! This oil is great for many skin conditions and can be used as carrier oil as well for massage oils. I use it as a moisturizer and it works very well, with a quick drying time and no staining. At this price and amount that comes in the decently-sized bottle, you are getting a good value too :)
Totally love it, is odorless like it says it doesn't dry out and works wonders, use it to give a well deserved massage to my husband and he loved it... I highly recommend this product
All the great voices we have gotten use to for years. love it and now happy to say I have the whole Justice League Series. Hurray!
had to been one of the best cartoon show around - great use of all the DC star - yes batman does steal the show - but love the use of all the other hero
Even without knowing anything about DC Comics, you can jump right into action with all the adventures included in all the episodes. My kids and I love it!!!!!!!!!!I bought it out of the correct order, but I like it!!!!!The correct order to watch is:1. Justice League - Season One2. Justice League - Season Two3. Justice League Unlimited - Season One4. Justice League Unlimited - Season Two
Love this set. Discs are well secured and fit in the box tightly to keep them safe and scratch free. Incredible special features/commentary tracks. Highly recommend for any collector.
I love this episode! Downloaded for the kiddos because its their fave too and they watched it 6 times in the car on the way home. Well worth the $!!
I love this show because it shows how even superheroes make mistake and own up to them. Even they aren't perfect. I also like how this show has actual plots and characters you care about. Marvel seems to be in it for the money, but DC Comics seems to care about the relation between the viewer and the characters on the show; making sure you can connect to some of the characters in a personal way.
I LOVE this series! Best animated series ever IMO. But ... Where are the Blu-Ray discs for both JLU's two seasons? The two JL seasons are out in Blu-Ray already. I want to buy these NOW but I really want the Blu-Ray treatment for them. Guess I'll have to wait a while. Drats!!
IS A GREAT REPRODUCTION, THE EXACT NUMBER OF EPISODES AND ALL COMPLETE. SO FAR NO COMPLAIN. I LOVE JUSTICE LEAGUE! XD
this is the show that really solidified the durability of the DCAU in the wake of BtAS and SuperBat Adventures, before Batman Beyond. while the predilection for two-part episodes got annoying later on, this is still eminently satisfying to rewatch.
Justice League: So much imagination. I so enjoy cartoons. I so enjoy Justice League. Voice actors, thought that goes into the clever writing, just the total imagination and everything that goes into making these awesome shows. Thank you.
I love the theme song so having it appear all the time did not bother me. I loved seeing other characters from the DC world. Each episode usually focused on one villain or hero. I loved it. I wish Shayera would wear her mask though :)
ordered these for my 47 year old boyfriend and he loves them, he almost watched them all already and will be ordering more
What can you say about these Justice League Animated shows. Hard to find on television, so pick them up now while you can. Great show. Don't go over $20, but try to get for $15 even if its used.
I used to catch bits and pieces of this on TV back when I was in high school and only recently remembered about it. Pretty pleased with Amazon for making this one available, it's successfully resparked the inner comic book nerd in me.
Great collection of the justice league unlimited episodes. Great stories, great animation, very happy with this collection. Will buy the next one soon.
This is exactly the television we were looking for. No complaints at all. Highly recommended if all you need is a simple, thin, light, and non-smart TV that has excellent picture and sound. We mounted this on our wall right away with ease and have been enjoying it ever since.
I'd seriously give this product 6 stars if I could. I'm thoughoughly impressed with this TV. I have two Samsung 6000, 7000 series and this matches their quality, possibly even better. The picture is crystal clear and sound is great. My best buy on Amazon to date!
HD pic definitely great. For the price you really can't go wrong. The legs have to be installed (which I found great as I was putting on wall anyway) and it is pretty light. Overall great value thus far
Rarely write reviews, however this tv is worth writing about. Clear sound, perfect picture. Audio could be better but it's really good. Besides you can adjust the audio to how you want it which I did and now it's perfect. No complaints here. This tv is amazing and I'm glad I got it.
Great vacuum. I have a dog, and this thing sucks up all of the dog hair with ease. It has a long enough cord that I can vacuum the majority of my apartment without unplugging & replugging in every room. I like how the brush-roll is auto-adjust -- no need to stoop down and convert the brush roller from "low carpet" to "high carpet." Emptying the canister is also a breeze.
It's lightweight and has a lot of power. I didn't realize how much dust accumulated in my carpets. The canister is large and holds a lot of dirt and the attachments make it easy to clean any area. I love it!
loving this vacuum. needed something strong to pick up dog hair but I hated my Dyson--too heavy with not enough control. Everyone I surveyed said "Shark" and I chose this one that Amazon had a great price for. Very happy so far. Strong suction, with a release to handle small area rugs, lightweight feel with great easy turning.
This vacuum is awesome! It picks up everything, it's fast, and the cord has a decent length to it. It wasn't even difficult to put together. I'm so happy I spent the money for this vacuum, as it was TOTALLY worth the price!
Oh my goodness; what an excellent mqchine! I was a little sceptical until I read a review by another person who's situation is similar to ours; lots of pet hair! My rugs look brand new; no exaggeration. I have psoriatic arthritis and this is easy to push, maneuver around & lightweight.
Absolutely LOVE this machine! I purchased it based on the reviews I read....and everyone said exactly what this machine did! I was shocked at how much it picked up and sadly embarrassed because of the other machines I've purchased which did absolutely nothing :( I pray this baby will last forever.....MUST HAVE!
This vacuum has tremendous suction - as a matter of fact, the attachments and hose have a "bleeder" port so as not to pull the paint off the walls. Works well, picks up pet hair well, is lightweight and easy to maneuver. Watch out Dyson....As to longevity, I will amend review if needed.
I purchased the Shark Navigator Deluxe to replace our old vacuum. It is a lot smaller than our old one, but works GREAT! We've only been using it for a couple of weeks so far. The suction is impressive, and it practically pulls itself along! As of now, I'm very happy with it. We will see after using it for a longer period of time.
Had the Shark Navigator and loved it. Lasted longer than any vacumn I'd ever owned. Got the Navigator Deluxe and am one happy camper again. It's just as great with the added bonus of being self-propelled and a larger dust cup. Way to go go Shark!
It had no suction at first so I assumed it was broke, but the next day it was working just fine! I owned a shark navigator, but my dig ate the chord, so I used my hose on this deluxe vacuum because it did not come with a hose and some minor things, such as the handle screws. My point is, I am going to use my navigator to supply the parts for my deluxe. Other than that, it works like brand new!
A lot better then Bose headphones and cost $300 less . They are very comfortable(sometimes I forget I am wearing them) and the sound is so crisp and clean. The first time I bought them was back in 2005. after 5 years of wearing them they broke and but I am buying a another pair.
Called the company, excellent customer service. I put it in a 1978 3/4 ton full size Chevy truck and did not have to modify anything. This thing works like a champ.
Called the company, excellent customer service. I put it in a 1978 3/4 ton full size Chevy truck and did not have to modify anything. This thing works like a champ.
Awesome brake controller with many options. Installed on a 2003 f250. Easy to install works great. Tow an open 16 landscape trailer. 14' enclosed and a 20' enclosed loaded with lawnmowers. Handles all no problem. Easy to switch trailer modes with the boost button once set. It's great!! Looks great in truck too.
This controller is great. I installed it and the setup was easy. I had a short one day at the trailer and the controller automatically sent a trouble warning. I was impressed. I would buy this controller again. Great product.
I got this controller in 2011 and it has been fantastic. The acuity of the control is second to none. I recently had an issue and it was resolved under warranty with no problem or stress. I've hauled 18 and 40 foot trailers and the ability to adjust the voltage is a must have feature.
Great brake control! Let's you know if things are connected as they should be. Much more advanced than my prior control. They all should be made like this. Has been very durable over the years
Easy to operate and easy to see when making adjustments to the braking force. You will not go wrong with this EBC!
Worked well. I wish all cars with a toeing package had a built in controller, until then, this was easy to install and use.
Perfect replacement for an old Tekonsha unit. Very easy install in our 2004 Expedition using the Tekonsha 3035-P Brake Control Wiring Adapter also purchased on amazon. Mounting bracket and holes were identical to the old unit. Easy set-up for our new Double D horse trailer. The all-electronic (vs mechanical pendulum in the old Tekonsha) of this controller gives us smooth stops.
Unit works great. Only have 2 complaints1. The installation instructions are not detailed.2. There isnt any way to turn it off. However it does go to sleep but really wish I could turn it off.that being said there may of been a whole book of instructions that wasn't in there.
After installing it in our truck, the trailer shop we worked with is starting to carry them because they liked how it operated, installed and looked. I couldn't be happier and feel so much more secure with our 28' snowmobile trailer when its loaded and the roads are questionable.
This brake controller is absolutely transparent in operation. I press the brake, my truck and trailer stops quickly with zero drama. 74 Scout II, 1969 14" Timberline LoLander. Brand new Dexter 3500# axle.
Tekonsha makes a REALLY good brake controller. Have used this now between two different trailers and it adjusted so easily between the two different sizes and weights. Love the inertia sensing and auto adjustments. There are cheaper units available of course, but after using this I wouldn't ever consider going to them.
This is a night and day difference between my old controller. It is so smooth with my 35 FT trailer. The best purchase I have made for towing my monster of a trailer.
First time needing a brake controller, went with this one because of the reviews. Very happy with decision, easy to hook up. Very easy to set up once trailer is hooked up.
Comfortable, easy to read and the night light is an added benefit! Only problem I have is the stem is a little difficult to pull out to set time or date other than that it's the perfect watch for me!
I have always owned a Timex watch...actually my Timex sopped keeping time after several years of constant everyday wear..so I was so happy that Amazon offered 2 day free delivery as I am a person that cannot live without my watch..for the price you cannot beat a Timex watch. Love it and thank you Amazon for such prompt delivery.
Purchased this for my 93 year old mother this Christmas. She totally loved it! Especially since she can light up the dial to see it even better. Would recommend it as I had already purchased one for myself and liked it for the same reasons.
always buy Timex as they're durable, have an easy-read face, second hand, and the light-up dial. Strap is ample. Equal quality to past watches. I've gotten compliments on this style.
The watch is basic but it is perfect if you only need it to be accurate in telling time and the current date. I've had several of these in the past and they've all worked well.
It is a bit plain looking but has the night glow I needed and easy to read numbers. The band is not quite the nice thicker rawhide of earlier times but works just fine. It also fits my rather large wrist. And I have always trusted Timex.
Was heartbroken when I lost a similar style Timex as it was my favorite and kept excellent time. Am equally happy with this purchase which is identical to the old one except it has the addition date feature. As always, Amazon provided a great price and fast shipping.
Nice watch with good styling and comfort and not too bulky or large on the wrist but a clear and easily readable face. And the indigo nightlight is a nice feature...particularly when the season makes the days shorter and more consistently dark than not.
Very practical. Such a great watch! Really worth the price because it's water proof, it has an elegant design yet simple, and it features "indiglo" which comes in handy at night. I received it the next day which was super fast!
This is a nice basic everyday watch. The numbers are easy to read and I love having the Indiglo light for at night when I wake up and wonder what time it is.Timex is a trusted brand and it was delivered quickly.
I love this watch! I have small wrists and I didn't have to make any additional holes to fit. I love that it lights up at night when I want to see the time. Awesome watch!
Best watch ever. My wife and me have been using this watch for many years. Easy to read, and the best "night watch" with the Indiglo feature.
This is at least the 3rd purchase I have made-I love this watch-only problem ever is the leather wears out after a while, but I buy straps for it and am good for awhile!
I have been buying and replacing with this same style watch for years. Very convenient. with the help of the glo light I can read the watch at any time or condition of day. I really depend on it. Now I have one in spare.
It's a great watch! So far, the date function has been working fine and the light feature is also nice when checking the time late at night (a lot better than blinding myself with my cell phone).The band and watch face are small and it looks pretty / feminine, but can fit a variety of wrist sizes.
It's a Timex, pretty much indestructible! The dial is definitely easy to read as advertised and my aging mom really appreciates the Indiglo dial light feature.
This is my second indiglo watch. I lost the first one in my house and bought another one just like it. That's how much I think of this watch.
My dad purchased this for my 84 year old mother. She had been looking for something simple with an easy read dial. My father suggested searching for good old Timex and we found this. Great price and my mom loves it. She has very small wrists and this adjusted down to her size which many watches don't.
I bought this toaster a few months ago and it worked great right from the start. At first I was concerned because I thought the elements were not all working. Boy was I wrong! I used the factory setting of 4 and it put the perfect golden brown toast evenly on the bread. I have used it many times and the toast comes out perfectly every time. I highly recommend this toaster!
We received the toaster right on time -- Prime shipping is fantastic!! The toaster is great. We have had several toasters and have been disappointed because of uneven toasting. This Cuisinart toasts evenly. This is the best one we have had since our old Sunbeam automatic gave up.
We are very pleased with it. We have been through 4 toasters in the last 3 years, and this Cuisinart works far better than of the other ones. It toasts all four slices evenly, and we love the 2-ding bell when the toast is done. The default timer is 4, but we like our toast a bit darker, so we use the 5 setting.
This is my second indiglo watch. I lost the first one in my house and bought another one just like it. That's how much I think of this watch.
I bought this device so I could record the audio output of some of my devices (like my Wii U) directly to my computer for recording purposes, since my mic jacks don't work. (I basically have the audio cables merged to a 3.5mm jack, and the 3.5mm jack plugged into this device, which is plugged into my computer). I wasn't expecting phenomenal audio quality out of it, but after disabling the 'ACG' setting and switching to DVD quality in the recording settings, the audio quality is surprisingly good
Bought it for the wife out of self defense for my ipad. It is very very nice, a very clear screen and seems to be just perfect for us.We bought it from E_Trade&Tech LLC (NO TAX) - Amazon Marketplace, and it came very quickly, very well packaged. A pleasure buying from them.
This is one AWESOME little radio! The reception is amazing! It is so handy to take with you. I do a lot of walking and this little radio will be going with me. Love it!! Would highly recommend it. :)
My Microphone input was broken On my laptop but I was able to use this instead and use my headset, works perfectly
Need a DVD. This is a cheap way to use for your CD and DVD disks. The CD audio is sweet. The DVD video is great watching movies and home DVD's. Low price and awesome use. Get one and be happy.
Bought 3 now... and will buy more as gifts. This is so simple to use, inexpensive to buy and just plain works great
I bought this Roku a while back. It works great! I love it so much I don't know what I would do without it. It's only happened one or twice but, sometimes the remote will un sync itself. Very quick fix though, there is a small button you press and Wha-La it syncs back up and everything is fine.
Works great. The mac has a nice feature if you're using a usb headset that allows you to hold down the option button and click the volume in the upper right, you can select what output to use. It's a great way to switch from headset without unplugging them
A very fine Chrome Book, and I'm extremely satisfied with it. The large -- 13 1/2 inch -- screen is clear and well-lit, keyboard easy to use, and it definitely has answered all my needs and wishes for all that a Chrome Book has to offer. I would highly recommend it.
works perfectly. includes hdmi and 30-pin connectors so you stay charged when connected to the HDMI source, e.g., a TV. Be warned: I had ordered a cheap not Apple adapter and it failed to connect my iPad.
This is a great product... I needed two sound cards on my PC for some recording I was doing and this device fit that need perfectly. This device was completely plug and play on my Windows 7 system. I couldn't ask for more at this price.
cool camera...shipped and delivered super fast. Love this new toy. Wish mounts and such, were cheaper, but its a cool camera...you should get 5.
I really like all the cool features. I purchased two of them when they were offering them for $199.00 ea. This a super bargain for a phone like this. Both the wife and I like them. Add to the deal 2 Yrs. of Amazon Prime, how can you go wrong. Thanks Amazon
This battery ($29) is much less expensive than the price quoted to me at a large electronics store for a replacement battery ($79) for my HP Laptop. I've had this replacement battery in my HP Laptop for about a year now and have had no issues. My Laptop is not my main work computer however, it is mainly used for leisure so I cannot say for those that extensively use their Laptop that it will work as well as the original. However, I have no complaints and would certainly purchase again if needed in a few years.
We had a total failure of the original batter in the laptop and this one fits and holds a good charge. The price was very good compared to others we had looked at. Nice to not get that warning about battery when we boot it up.
For those who are concerned about their gaming system in tight places with little ventilation and the system heats up, I use this for my Playstation 3 system. Sits right under it and plugs right into the USB port. BUT WAIT. You think it'll take up a spot in the port? WRONG. On the back of the plug is an extra USB port so you can plug this in then your PS3 charger USB cable. SOUND? Well honestly it is silent but with a big PS3 Slim on it, you can hear it slightly. Overall I would buy it still it's the perfect size.
So far, I have used this several times, and I am quite pleased with it.I only do wish that it had a small display showing "play," "stop" etc and elapsed time though, since in my opinion it would be a convenient feature. I also appreciate the fact the remote also controls the television since it's also a Sony. The movies I have played in it thus far, all are a truly excellent picture quality. My only complaint is the annoying buzzing sound at higher sound volumes, though I do not know where or not its caused by the DVD player, or the TV itself. Certain discs, the volume has to be turned up quite a bit, and the higher it is, the louder that buzzing is as well. It is connected using the included cables, my TV is a 35" SD which lacks an HDMIso perhaps the buzzing i caused by those cables. I can live with it though.
wish i had purchased the silver, but for 200 dollars this camera holds its own, great stability and structurally sound, stupid-proof piece of technology, easy to use. @mstewart_va
These speakers have fantastic sound for their size/price and very easy to use - with no speaker wire! I bought two in time for a dinner party, one upstairs and another down. Easy to set up, great music options, fantastic sound, all synchronized and controllable from my phone! It is refreshing to get a quality product that works as advertised for a reasonable spend.
This mini is idea for doing anything gaming, downloading movies or music, doing business or just surfing the web, the down side is when ever playing movies or stream the battery dies quickly.
This is my third Sonos Play 1 this year (master bedroom, master bath and office). Also have a Play 5 for the main and larger room. Awesome sound and great versatility offered by Sonos. I use the sleep timer every night too. I am planning to order another Play 5 for the kitchen area to pair with the other come January (have to have two of the same speaker to pair). Great sound at a great price. Piece of cake to set up - two minutes or less - intuitive for the end user. What is really nice is the fact that if you move, Sonos moves with you. Can't beat that.
This simply works, no problems so far! It is so much smaller than the one it replaced. Picture quality is great as well
I owned a Roku 2 for a while and appreciated the intuitive interface and straightforward setup. I bought the Roku 3 for my parents and was very satisfied with the new hardware and remote. Everything runs much faster and the on screen menu system is as easy to use as ever. This is a great product for people who don't always feel comfortable with the latest technology.
Works fine . Was uncertain about the 5MP but looks much better than I expected. I love being able to control it with the I-Phone app and also seeing the Picture real time makes it easier to aim. The +/- 4 second delay is a bit distractive but still useful. Bought a EEEkit to take it Zip lining, Caving and Snorkling in Costa Rica on our Honeymoon. That gave us all the different mounts we needed and some for the motorcycle as well.
I'm persnickety guy so not much gets my approval. I'm also a technology snob as my wife calls me. With that being said this is a solid and we'll built machine. I was immediately impressed with the build quality when I opened the box. This computer has excellent battery life, intuitively designed and just is fantastic. Well done Toshiba.
The reviews are correct. Incredibly easy setup, great streaming quality on our existing router with 0 skips or delays or buffers. Really good sound quality. Only thing I wish was that it would work with Spotify without Spotify forcing me into a subscription. But doesn't really matter as Pandora rocks and we can use our own purchased music library. Highly recommend the Sonos system.
Best thing EVER!!!! I don't know when, but I had messed up my headphone jack and it only played out of one channel <left>. I said...oh well I will buy some blue-tooth headphones, really good ones....well they don't show up under my audio devices so i cant listen to jack sqaut with them. I ran across this USB audio adapter and BAM perfect solution. Sound quality is really good and totally fixed my issues for less than ten dollars. Once you plug it in the laptop speakers turn off instantly. This fixed my issue and I am good to go! The only downside is it may block another USB connection so if you only have a couple USB connections, you will need to count on this taking up the space of two. It would be nice if is was just a headphone adapter without the mic. but for the money, it is awesome!
I bought a plug-in microphone to use with my MacBook and was originally unable to use it because the computer did not have a audio input plug. This cheap (not an insult) little adapter made it work and I was recording in seconds. Thank you
A great little tool for the laptop. It allows me to use two memory sticks, the digital camera and an external hard drive. Takes very little room, but delivers so much.
Daughter wanted it to play our 45 and LP's records (really large CD's for those really young). Seems to play well and has options to adjust speed and save digitally. This is not a high fidelity unit. If you're an audiophile, you probably won't be happy. But if you want to save in digital format, or just flash back to the 70 and 80s, good unit.Cudos to Amazon for getting the order moving after an extended backorder.
I just wanted to upgrade my 2005 Ford focus Radio to something with an auxiliary input. Works and sounds great :-) My picture is before and after.
I have the Diana camera with the instant back and bought a ton of this film. Yes it's a little spendy but when my friends had a goodbye party moving across the country, nothing made a better gift than 20 small instant photos of their friends at their last party. Sure you could take a bunch of pictures on your digital but this was a conversation starter and I did take a bunch of pictures on the digital and none of them came out as fun. Very good quality, quick mailing, good service!
I have had this phone for a good five months now and I have thoroughly enjoyed it! It has a few defaults that you may want to change, like auto scrolling at others, but it has a Great camera and a friendly O.S. but that's another default that you may want to change, from what I have heard, it's quite easy to get Google Play Store on this phone, but I can honestly say that I haven't missed it at all. I love "Firefly" and use it often. I really like that it comes with a "free" year of
I have the roku 2 and have enjoyed it for awhile before it kept freezing and had to be reset everyday. The roku 3 was doing great until it started not showing shows. I read some blogs saying an upgraded hdmi cord was need so I order and newer one and haven't had any issues since.
What could I said about a product that it is iconic already? yes it may be a symbol of consumerism and really good marketing. But even with all different tablets on the market Ipad has become kind of standard to compare other tablets.
This version keeps my laptop cool during the long hours that I'm on it & the motor is so light that I hardly even hear it (a plus when I'm online in webinar meetings). I hope this item lasts me as long as the other version I had from this company.
Sick of spending an obscene amount on headphones for your computer? Then get this and a cheaper pair of headsets with no USB plug and BAM you will be set for life. This product with a pair of nice 20 dollar headphones from Staples and I have been set for years.
I have had this for a few months and it replaced a netgear n600 which was getting sketchy on its connections and lag times. Easy setup. App lets you see what is connected at all times and block and control what you want. I have at least 15 devices connected with several streaming for TVs and have had no issues or flinching since installation. Very happy so far.
Great little record player! I bought this to use in my dorm room, and its great. The speakers aren't super loud but any simple speakers will solve this problem. The pitch knob and tone knob are great to get a better sound. Also something I didn't know when buying this is that it transfer records to mp3s. Great little record player over all!

i was skeptical about this stereo, but i hooked it up with a amp and new speakers, it sounded great!! i use flash drive and sd cards with tons of songs, it picks up were you left off when you restart the car, best part flash drives dont skip like cd's!!! great for off roaders!!
Solved my 900 mhz Internet problem after much tinkering, antenna aiming, replacing cables and general hair pulling. Should have started with this. Took a screen shot of my old router settings before I swapped them. Entered the settings in the new router and used the install wizard. Took a couple days to start working well consistently, but I think that was just related to the radio side of my Internet connection. I was my daughter's hero for at least a day. Ok, maybe not an entire day.
I have an HP G72 laptop that started complaining about its battery. This unit appears to be original HP equipment. The original battery had "Replace with HP spare 593553-001." This unit was described as being a replacement even though it is a 593554-001.This battery fit perfectly. It appears to hold a charge as well as the original. If performance holds up, this is an excellent value for the price.
I am soooo happy not to deal with windows, that I could dance :). This is a wonderful replacement for my laptop. I couldn't be happier. After learning a few keyboard tips and shortcuts, I've been able to make a fairly painless transition into the chromebook world. I highly recommend this.
This is my 4th Roku and 2nd Roku 3. They all perform well as long as you have a fairly fast router and WiFi connection, however the 3s seem to require more coverage on WiFi. The 3 is very fast and has loads of content to choose from which is available on all models. If you are looking to do a "cord cutting" Roku is a great choice.
The smart phone was a great buy without a contract. I purchased a sim card from the company I wanted to be with for 99 cents. I have a pay as you go card which gives me flexibility to change to a different cellular company if I'm not happy, without any early penalty charges. Happy!
This film fits the Instax Mini 8 camera and is easy to use. One film pack holds 10 photos. Since the film is pretty expensive, I bought in bulk for a better deal. Everyone is in awe when they see the photos pop out of the camera and it is always fun waiting for the image to finally appear. Voila! Like magic! It is wonderful having actual photos of friends and family pinned up that I can look at any time.
This phone I'm sure has made many wish they did not buy it, but like all devices it takes a bit of learning to get used too, I like it so far, was very easy to setup, called T-Mobile and they were able to activated onto my account without a hassle just had to go and get the sim card from T-Mobile Store, and Walla it was running, As mentioned earlier just need to learn how all functions work but the most important one is knowing how to make phone calls the rest will come with time, other than that it has so far been a great item
Excellent device, it's a pleasure to work on it, really.Special awards for the screen quality and the sound quality.For European potential buyers: I've received the device after few days from US in Italy, the only thing you have to do is to buy an European cable instead of the US one supplied with the device.
I've wanted an iPad for the longest and this has been by far the best bang for my buck. It came in its original package which is always a relief.. when I don't purchase items directly from the manufacturer it sometimes doesn't come in its original packaging which makes me a bit weary of the product. I've had this mini for two weeks now and definitely have gotten my money's worth! Being petite I did not need anything bulky but buyer beware, if your must haves include a large screen it'd be more practical to shell out the extra $80 for a regular sized iPad. Overall an A+++ for timely shipping and quality of product!
Great product! I love watching netflix onnit more so than on an android tablet that i bought for $60 for my daughters. Movies n shows r so clear on it n load fast with our wifi.Great size! Not too big, not too small :)
I bought this for like $25 and so far it has been the best $25 i have ever spent. With blue led lights, this baby adds a modern aftermarket touch to 2005 interior, it consumes less power than the stock radio, and it bangs amazing quality sound through my stock speakers.
We bought the S5 after reading some of the breathless reviews. The concept of high quality, easily mobile wireless audio technology has always been appealing, but it didn't ever quite seem ripe. Well, it is now.Setting up the S5 (if you don't have other Sonos equipment already, you're going to need the $99 Sound Bridge unless you only want to connect the S5 to your wired router . . . but why would you do that???) is about as easy as it gets. You tell it where your music is it indexes it, and it's all there, anywhere in your house, any time you want. The integration with Pandora, last.fm, and other internet radio is exceptional -- you would almost think they were proprietary services of Sonos, it's so well done.You do not need to be a computer geek or a technician to install or appreciate this device. I am the geek in our house; my wife could care less about technology. About the best recommendation I can make in this regard is this: my wife does not have the technical interest or desire to even attempt to use Pandora and last.fm in their traditional, computer-based formats. She was setting up stations and using all of them flawlessly and joyfully within hours of the S5 arriving at our home.If you have an iPhone and have any interest in this product, you won't be sorry.
This works great for connecting my printer and scanner or anything that does not need power from the USB port. While not tested, it may work less well for a web cam or charging a phone since they are powered by the port.
Performs exactly likes it's supposed to and as advertised. Especially good when considering that first attempt with a non Apple brand adapter proved to be an absolute failure.
Cheapest stereo I've ever bought for my car, lets me listen to my phone in the car, that's all I really needed :)
I think it is a nice little USB port. Isn't as large as I expected. I saw complaints about the light being too bright but it didn't bother me. it helps to know if you turned on that specific port.
This is my second one. I use it when I walk my golden retriever. The reception is unbelievable and the sound is so full for such a small radio. When i was looking for a small transistor radio I never thought Sony would have one in 2014 - Now 2015 bought another - Best small radio by far I have ever bought. You will not be disappointed. This little gem blows away all the others a fraction the cost.. (Simply Awesome Quality)
This is why i shop Amazpn. I read the other reviews before i bought this and decided to give it a go. I had bought an old used Acer standard laptop for 25 bucks on Craigslist. It was turning off and slowing down due to the heat emanating off of it constantly. This fixed it immediately and I havent had a problem since.
I don't have as many USB ports as I'd like on my computer. This little device is magic! I love that you and turn on and off which ports are in use, too.
I decided to purchase this record player because of the reviews and affordability. I was looking for something reliable and with good sound quality at a reasonable price. This product is perfect fo that. I've had this for about two month and use it almost every day and so far, nothing has been wrong with it. I strongly recommend this record player to anyone looking for one and who is on a budget
The wide angle lens and high-def, high fps framerate make this a great camera, especially for it's size. Throw in the underwater housing, and (FREE) remote control app (iOS & Android) and this thing is awesome!! I'm taking mine snowboarding in a week, hoping to look like the pros, will be happy to look like a high-def amateur.. XD
a small simple radio that works. my 87 year old mother has one and she brings it everywhere. i got one for myself also. And since then, i got three more to give as gifts
All the technical stuff about this chromebook has been said a thousand times over so I won't go there. I want to let people know that there are covers you can place on this chromebook that look amazing. There are also nice bags for this chromebook to protect your investment. I purchased both & it really makes this unit look even better as well as adding extra protection. I just want to add that everyone is talking about it's beautiful screen so hey, we may as well dress up the body too - just a thought !
This is a twin pack so you get 20 pictures total. If you have a fuji instax mini or a polaroid 300 this is the film to get. It works for both and is much cheaper in price than the polaroid film. Instant gratification.
It is small, compact and WORKS perfectly. It took 10 seconds to hook up to my TV; two plugs go into the Audio and one plug goes into the Video and the movie CD was ready to go. Color and sound wonderful, I am very pleased.
I needed this adapter so my iPhone5 could communicate with the 30-pin FOB required to open a Supra lockbox with an iPhone. Many of my co-workers have had problems with adapters, so I was concerned. That is why I bought the Apple Adapter and am glad I did. It has been very dependable which is exactly what you need when you want to enter a house for a showing.
I replaced the OEM battery with this battery about two months ago. It has worked very well, performing and holding a charge as well as the original battery did when it was new. I'd recommend this product and would buy it again.
I installed this and got it up and running in a few minutes. It increased range, so I can now easily get a good connection on my laptop and phone when I am in the back of the backyard.
This is wonderful. I have wanted a turntable for a long time, as I have quite a large library of vinyl that I have been auctioning off, but the price held me back. This was a great buy and works great for what I'm doing. If you're wanting an audiophile turntable this is NOT the one for you, but if you want to listen to those old records and bring back great memories of the days of AM radio and 45s this really fits the bill. Haven't tried recording from it yet, but everything I'll need seems to be there as well. Great fun at a great price.
Excellent! High Definition. Terrible shame that depends on Comcast internet service (in my case). I like that you can add extra channels and you can watch Amazon Prime, hulu, netfix and some free channels. I recommend it 100%. It's a great savings compared to Xfinity TV ($ 165 monthly 2tv + HD). With Roku savings is about $ 1,700 per year. I love the shortcut buttons on the control and the headphones.
So I've owned this product about 3 weeks now, and I can honestly say it's the most reliable and stable router I have owned to date. The provided instructions to set the router seemed simple enough, but it didn't wanna respond positively for about an hour and a half for some reason. I can't say why this happened, nor how I fixed it. I just kept messing with settings and it eventually started working properly. If you know about computers and it does this to you I would just stay diligent and keep trying. Hopefully the install will go smoother for other people. Ill update after some more time and after I move into a building that isn't made completely of concrete. I highly recommend it!
My second (and not last) Sonos purchase. Sonos continues to exceed expectations. Sound quality is excellent, set up couldn't be easier. The only thing that slightly disappoints is that you cannot play Amazon Prime music with this system! I hope this functionality is added ASAP.
This little guy does great. I carry it around the house each morning to listen to the news without turning on the full stereo. The batteries last a long time (weeks) with regular use.
I just love this phone. I loved it so much I bought one for My husband. I am not a geek and yet the phone has been easy to use. I have not missed Google at all! Every application made for this phone has worked great. I think that this phone is the best on the market right now. It has the best of both worlds. I had a iPhone, and my hubby had a Android OS. Since I was.used to iPhone I thought this phone would be hard to use. It has been great to use and understand. My husband has not had a hard time with this phone either. customer service is wonderful also.
I've been a Prime member for years and rarely leave reviews but I had to endorse this product as soon as I plugged it in. I have a Yoga laptop and this cooler works perfectly! You know how you whole body gets hot when your laptop heats up? Well this will help that issue since the fan also cools your lap. This was a really good deal. Very excited with the purchase.
A gift for someone and they love the mini. I wish I had gone down that path. One of the best buys I have ever made
I've had the full HD version for a week or two and I can honestly say that it has surpassed my already high expectations. In one word, it's fantastic. I'm used to macbook pros and I already like this more. It boots up instantaneously, it's surprisingly fast, there is no clutter or things I don't want, it's so deliciously light, and the screen, well the screen is amazing. I know this is minor but I really love the wallpapers from Yosemite, but Crome's wallpapers, on this screen, blow them away. I know you wouldn't buy anything for the wallpapers but from the moment I opened it I was in love. Honestly I use computers mostly for internet so this is perfect for me, I can surf reddit, watch youtube videos and shop amazon, what more do you really need. I haven't tried any video or picture editing apps or anything like that, that's not why I bought it. My greatest concern was life without word, and so far google docs, etc, works fine. I'm not entirely used to them and there are still things I'll need to learn, but I'm fine with leaving office. And if you want too, you can download a word app, but I like google docs. I was worried about uploading documents online from google docs, such as resumes, and at first I was only able upload them as google docs, but don't worry, you can download your document in a couple different formats, such as docx and pdf. The docx messed the format up a little but the pdf version was perfect. So, I easily uploaded my resume as a pdf from google docs. Honestly it's hard to believe this laptop is around 300 dollars, you could easily fool people into thinking it cost more, much more. Highly recommend this product. I will update if things change.
This is a pretty straight forward product so I don't have any specific comments or complaints. I have a FujiFilm Instax Mini & I had run out of film so I ordered replacement film. It was exactly what it said it was, and it got here in time for my trip.
This is phenomenal, and easily worth the $448 I spent. The sound is exquisite, and it's mind-boggling to think of how much music is at one's fingertips. Just this morning I listened to Nick Drake, Jeri Southern, Brook Benton, and Mel Torme; they all sounded great. To anybody who has reservations about buying this, please take my word: you won't regret it. I can only vouch for the Sonos 5--haven't heard the 1 or 3.

Great little affordable record player. The self contained speakers sound justi fine. This is perfect for somebody who loves records but is on the move or doesn't have a huge stereo system.
These things are ridiculous, really big sound in a small package. We use this in our office and it can send high quality sound through the whole complex. I cant use it at home because of the dependence on WiFi, if you have weak or slow signal or spotty coverage the speakers will disappoint.If your signal is strong and your internet has high bandwidth, there is almost nothing better for the money.
I have debated buying the Sonos system for several months mostly due to price and also in part wondering if it could truly live up to the claims and reviews. I am fairly technical and am usually an early adopter, although have at times, been disappointed with other purchases not working quite as well as advertised. I am thrilled with all aspects of my Sonos purchase and cannot believe how easy it was to set up and the sound quality. I received it about an hour ago, and in minutes, had the Zone Bridge connected to my router (since the router is kept hidden in a closet out of sight) and then the S5 ZonePlayer set up in my living room. I can now stream my iTunes Library from a Time Capsule (NAS) and listen to streaming music from Pandora, Last.fm, Sirius and more. Plus, as a transplanted Minnesotan in New York, I can save my favorite local stations from MN and listen to them here as if I were at home. The music is flawless, crystal clear and I would never know it is from the internet- no stutters, gaps or delay. This is one product that has surpassed my expectations completely. The only downside I can see will be now wanting to buy another S5 for my bedroom.
I was scared I was going to get a fake battery because I seen other reviews for other sellers about them sending another brand of battery but advertising an HP. This one is the real deal. It came sooner than I expected and works great. It gives me a good 3 hours of power after charged. Just remember to leave your laptop off and charge it first for 8 hrs. then drain it completely and then charge it again at least once a month to keep your battery working good.
i take it everywhere i go, films great. i normally do 1080p which films at 29.97 fps or so. which isn't THAT bad but you do notice the lag when you switch it to 720p at 60 frames lol. dramatic difference but i like the better quality of 1080p, perfect for what i do within budget. bought the gopro frame for it which was a huge difference in sound quality and size. still sturdy enough to drop a few times and take a shock or two. definately would recommend it to those vloggers out there like me who use it outside alot and would hate to have the sound go to crap because of the housing it comes with! thanks gopro for a quality product.there are a few cons about the battery freezing up that i saw people complain about. yes it does do it rarely but all you gotta do is just undo the battery from the back and plop it back in and it starts back up. i leave my wifi off because it drains the battery SO Bad. extremely fast. and without a battery pack of some sort to keep it charged while filming. it will die within an hour of continuous filming.
I was very pleased with the gopro. A 32gb sd card definitely holds enough footage for any day of action, up to 4.5 hours in 1080p. The waterproof casing held strong under 30-40 feet of water and takes better still pictures than most smartphones. I would recommend watching a video on how to clean the casing, as an improper cleaning can cause condensation and blurring of videos and pictures. Overall, it is a great product.
Set up myself in minutes... walks you though every step. This is a must have to stream Amazon and Netflix to the TV. Stays on so when you come back to view another movie it downloads in seconds. Very happy with this product. I read all the reviews before purchasing and I can only say that if a 70 year young woman can make this work, anyone can :)
I purchased one and then purchased another for my niece and I just bought a third one for back up , just in case. I absolutely love them. Quiet, slim, no problems at all. First one purchased in March 2014, next one in Nov 2014, the third one just today. I go through keyboards faster than fans. Maybe Cool Master needs to design keyboards...LOL
After some research, I chose the HERO3 vs. newer versions, just because I won't use it as often to necessitate the price difference. In particular, wanted to use for scuba diving and it worked out just as intended with great picture quality. Was worried about underwater case leaking but didn't encounter any issues despite multiple uses over consecutive days (definitely recommend cleaning it thoroughly after each use to prevent corrosion or debris from breaking seal. These weren't actually problems for me, but still recommend, per manufacturer recommendations). Manual scrolling to device options via buttons is a bit laborious but it is manageable. Appreciate the range of photo options, as well as video setting. Great to have the GoPro app for fairly easy review after filming; if I understand correctly, there is the LCD screen accessory that could be purchased to do this, but I haven't tried it yet. Nice to be able to charge camera while still viewing video via app. It has a great lightweight, compact design, making it easy to travel with and store. Overall, terrific camera!
I really enjoy it. It's lightweight and the screen is so bright and clear. It's easy to take with you wherever you go
I love the Roku interface. My mother is hard of hearing so the headphone enabled remote makes her life easier. Incredibly easy to use, well worth the money.
Works great. I knew (and like) that this cord was very short, so I have been very happy with this purchase. I've had it for over a year, use it often and it's still working like new. Recommended.
Upgraded from first generation Roku and WOW, what a difference. Increased processor speed is great. Channels and apps load super fast. Nice user interface. Easy hookup. Lots of free channels to choose from.
It works and looks really cool, no pun intended. Not a gamer, but now and again I'll have a laptop that will start running hot. Sometimes it needs to be cleaned out, other times there's a bigger problem. Either way, having something like this around can really be valuable whether I'm going to eventually fix it permanently or not. The ability to set variable speeds is nice, and the fact that it runs off USB and doesn't require its own transformer.
This film is a bargain. Fits the Polaroid mini camera and is less expensive than the Polaroid film. Have ordered this a couple of times from Amazon now and will probably order again.
Love laying in bed and reading; it's later than many books I've read. I love how I can hold it with one hand while I am able to navigate with my other hand.
So amazing 43500 on antutu bench mark!! Amazing phone, now running 4.4.4 with April's 20th update, custom wallpaper, android wear, New lock screen backgrounds, faster on benchmark was 40,000, Google now launcher now works, lg g watch works! Many more great things
Got it for a decent price and using it as we speak the deliverer sucked cause he just left it out in the open but good thing I was home and got it before someone else did. He didn't even knock or ring my doorbell
great little radio, i bought it to use in finding dog fence wire brake. I mounted it on the end of a piece of plastic pipe and with a roll of wire as a RF choke it works quite well for a wire brake detector. the only down side is finding the actual brake point, it will get you as close as an expensive detector, i just bought an actual detector and it fails to find the actual brake the same way. save your money and by this radio.
We ordered this to hook up to an old fashioned TV for our kids to watch their DVDs. It works great and I love how compact it is. Came with the cables to hook it up to the TV, and was packaged carefully and shipped quickly. 100% pleased so far.
This speaker is excellent. I have it in a bedroom and it sounds great. I could probably use another one to fill the room with music ... and its on my list of things to purchase.
We love our new Roku 3!! I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for an alternative to pricey cable or satellite services. We are truly enjoying it and are so happy with this purchase.
This product allows me to use my 30 pin connectors on my new iPhone 6. I connect to older docking stations to play music and to my I home clock radio to charge and play music. Short cord but not a problem connecting to my devices.
Works perfectly with my hackintosh. No drivers needed. I was forced to get this because Yosemite kept disabling the audio after sleep. This resolved that problem!
got a bose? file down 1/32 down around from the base of plug to phone and 1/16 from base of plug back. phone will charge and play back music its worth the money just a little time with small file modifying is all. don't buy cheap we get what we pay for. very good quality.
AWESOME!!!! Got my iPad in 2 days (just in time for my cruise) it is perfect and exactly what the details said. I have an IPhone, A MacBook Pro, and now an IPad. I'm a very very satisfied customer.
I taped this to the back of my all-in-one screen, works great. There are little buttons to turn on/off each slot. I wish I had bought the longer one.
This battery is also recommended for the HP laptop class advertised. I purchased this for a friend's HP and it works very well. Delivery was on time and as promised.
I bought this because it saves a lot of money than buying the one in smaller packs. Overall the film are in great condition, and the shipping was pretty fast.
SO FAR SO GOOD! It plays the DVDs just fine. I bought all the old Johnny Carson TV DVDs for my Intellectually Challenged Brother. This is a small compact DVD player, which is nice. It fits perfectly under my light weight flat screen that my brother watches when he eats. I think it is a nice quality little DVD player. So if it lasts a long time I will be happy.
I purchased my first Instax camera a little over a month ago. I got the Instax 50s camera for a trip and this is the film for it. It takes a bit of figuring out your preferred settings on the camera, but as far as the film is concerned... it is fantastic! Great vintage look. Great color! I am really in love with everything about this product! I thought the size might be a little on the small side, but I find that I really love the size. I purchase cheap card holder books here on amazon to put them in and they fit perfectly! EVERYONE loves these! Become an instant artist, and fall in love with these little pictures!
It has exceeded my expectations! HP wanted over $150 for the exact same battery but purchased thru HP. I saved a ton and got the same exact battery...it's working GREAT!!!
Take the waterproof case off and it's a great camera for vlogging. I use it daily. its so tiny with such power, the quality is amazing, I don't feel like im sacrificing quality for a small camera.it doesnt have a screen but as a vlogger I mainly have the camera turned at me anyway and cant see a screen. and as for when I turn it away from me and have to record something else I think just years of holding a camera lets me know what I'm pointing at.my complaint is that it beeps so much! turning it on, 3 beeps, turning it off 9 beeps! so many beeps!
I don't know how this compares to other devices, but it's exactly what I needed. I like that the ports can be switched on and off to avoid draining power when not in use. I have a portable blu-ray that requires two USB ports, so this way I don't have to stop using everything else when I need to use it with my 13" laptop.
It says "made in Thailand" and does not look identical to the original battery my HP laptop came with. It does work as expected, however. Performance is roughly the same as the original battery when it was new. It's been working fine for a month now. Much less expensive compared to the other MU06 battery on Amazon. I'll update this if I encounter anything unexpected or troubling.
I've bought 2 Fujifilm cameras that require this film and the 2-pack for $13 is definitely the best deal. Don't be fooled by the 5-pack for almost $50 or the 2-pack for $18.99. If you browse through Amazon, or wait a little while, this $13 one will show up. Sometimes, it is not Prime eligible, but even when I bought it without the expedited shipping, it came in 4 days. My friends love the Fujifilm throwback instant pics and the mini pictures that make everyone look good! Get this pack; it's the cheapest!
You probably do not get the most amazing performance, but for music and video this does just fine.Has worked for probably about a year now, and I hope it stays that way.
Best thing EVER!!!! I don't know when, but I had messed up my headphone jack and it only played out of one channel <left>. I said...oh well I will buy some blue-tooth headphones, really good ones....well they don't show up under my audio devices so i cant listen to jack sqaut with them. I ran across this USB audio adapter and BAM perfect solution. Sound quality is really good and totally fixed my issues for less than ten dollars. Once you plug it in the laptop speakers turn off instantly. This fixed my issue and I am good to go! The only downside is it may block another USB connection so if you only have a couple USB connections, you will need to count on this taking up the space of two. It would be nice if is was just a headphone adapter without the mic. but for the money, it is awesome!
This camera is awesome! I was able to get some really cool pictures and videos on my trip to Hawaii. I would post the pictures up on Facebook and everyone would comment on how nice the pictures were. I only had a problem when it would not turn on for some reason, and 1 time throughout the week i used it it froze and wouldn't turn off but i just took the battery out and put it back in. The fish eye effect makes the pictures different. It was worth buying it! My iPhone 5s would not take pictures or film videos the way this did!
This unit satisfied me completely. Simple, reliable, improved the sound over the original recordings, what more can you ask.
I worried about the GoPro getting damaged when my son described the wet and wild plans he had for it. This protects it from water and mishandling. We got it both quickly and in brand new condition. If we need another, after this one is destroyed, we will order from this seller. Thank you...
Very easy to install and if you have a download speed of 10mps it works flawlessly. If you do not own a smart tv then this is your best solution. The only downside is that it does not include an HDMI cord which you have to purchase separately.
Changed the way we use TV. Don't know why we delayed purchase of this technology for so long. Easy to install. Needed to purchase only an HDMI cable.
If your looking for a good cheap head unit it is great. It is kind of cheap and the wiring took me a while to figure out but works great for my needs
A cheap stereo, only usable to plug my MP3 player....but that's exactly what I wanted and it's working exactly as intended. I think it's a good buy for it's price.
I just received wireless controller and S5 today. Not paying attention to dimension specs I was little surprised by smaller then expected size. However in some cases size does not matter and this is the one that it is true. Sound quality is very good for portable device that can be easily moved to your deck or other room. Moving S5 is as simple as removing power cord and reconnecting it in new location. Setup of Pandora, last.fm and mp3 library was very intuitive (for initial setup use your computer, which makes this much easier). I use iphone with Sonos app that again is very easy to use and has all needed options to control the system. The good news is that you control Sonos with many devices including computer, iphone, etc. When I was buying it I was not sure if that is the case. With service like Pandora, last.fm you basically can stop buying music and discover new artists that you did not know. Another compatible great service is radiotime that works like a charm. Since it is not possible to see device locally I was little skeptic that it may not deliver what it promises and price doesn't belong to lowest. To my surprise I am very happy with it and will definitely keep it. I will probably get one or two more of these in near future (if you are planning one, be warned that you will want more).
This radio is excellent! If you're looking for a simple transistor radio with a speaker to keep in your go bag or next to your flashlight for when the power goes out, this is it. The speaker is loud enough to hear from across the room. No, it's not in stereo. The earphone jack is even in mono. As other reviewers have pointed out, if you want sound in both ears of your stereo headphones, you'll need an adapter. It's not a block rockin boom box, an MP3 player, an alarm clock, or a dishwasher... It's just a plain old transistor radio like everyone had in the 1970's, and it's very good at what it does! Thanks Sony!
It's a wrongfully bought item and by the time I start to use it, it's over 30 days later and realized that I got the wrong item and therefore it can't be returned. I need something like this one but w/ a CD player that can read MP3 files. This unit doesn't have a CD player. Ouch! That's what happens when you order while doing something else. Multi-tasking doesn't pay well
This machine is wonderful! We choose it because we have some very old 78 records that we could not listen to as the victrola that used to play them is not functional. We also chose it because it enables us to connect to our computer to download the records and then burn them to cds. This turntable is great because it plays 33, 45, and 78 records. We look forward to putting our entire record collection on cds eventually. The sound is great and because the speakers are built in it is a spacesaver.
Actually this is a great Receiver. Installed in my pickup and really enjoyed it so far. Had it for several months now. Very impressed. It has stiffer buttons but its not bad and has some good features.
I was looking for a compact old-school radio to listen to AM baseball games on, which iheart radio blocks. It fits the bill. The speakers are surprisingly good

Great radio. All the wired were clearly labeled making hooking up the harness a snap. It even included the little bars to pull out the old radio. Great media connections. Surprised me by reading my wife songs through the usb connection to her mp3 player. The units is physically very small thanks to the ommission of a cd player. Has accepable though not amazing sound quality. Very happy with my purchase.
It is EXACTLY what I imagined: a little record player that won't wow you with sound but lets chill in your room to 33's and 45's like an OG. My hinas love when I start playing them oldies on it. Something about the little hiss of a record and the mesmerizing spin just gets them all riled up and in the mood. Wish I had bought this sooner. Getting all kinds of tails and I got Jensen to thank for it. Big Ups, Jensen. You done right by me.
This is the second unit of the same radio that I have purchased in about a one year time span. Purchased both radios for my father who has in my opinion abused the heck out of it. The unit I purchased a year ago still works after having been dropped numerous times, the antenna broken off, the battery door missing, and the batteries being crammed in. I will say that tuning in a station is a bit tricky but it keeps my aging father happy. I should note that my father only listens to AM news and sports stations.
This DVD was a life saver. My daughter is 4 and slightly addicted to Disney. Her previous DVD player in her TV died, the playstation 2 only played half the DVDs and this compact DVD player effortlessly plays EVERYTHING! Even the scratched ones! No buzzing or problems! Cheap price so might buy another for the other room
I bought this item as a replacement for an older DVD player in my child's room. The price was right, as we were looking for a cheaper unit so we wouldn't be out much money if the little ones tore it up. I wasn't expecting much when I got it, as all I was needing was for it to just play movies. To my surprise this is amazing. It plays great, shows an amazing picture, and loads without any issues. Really simple to use and loved that it came with a remote. Will definitely consider purchasing this unit again in the future and was worth taking the risk on.
I didn't know which battery to buy to replace mine. When I contacted my HP office their battery was going to cost over $125. I took a chance with this one and I am very pleased. It came in a timely manner and works just fine. The price is extremely reasonable. I now know where to purchase my battery replacements.
This phone is truly under-rated! What needs to be understood about this phone is that it's not like the others. Amazon made it to be used with gestures, and with like everything new, you need to get used to it. once you do, you'll love it. if you buy this phone remember that you will be getting a great product, but its the consumers job to learn how to use it. once you do, you will love it. one thing amazon could do is make it easier to side load the google play store. i understand that google is amazon's competitor but this phone would be selling like hot cakes if people could still use some things that google offers like gmail or some games that are on the play store and not on the amazon repo. i hope this helps
Has changed how I deal with mobil computing to be sure. I like the compact size and native apps like camera and music. It's my traveling radio station, digital camera and 'laptop'. Highly recommended. There are some functions that you have to find out through osmosis, tricks you have to dig out through various sources, but nothing that can't be learned if you ask the right person, or find those hints on line.
We live in a large house with several large rooms and this is an excellent speaker system. No complaints at all. We use it all the time. I really recommend the Play 3 over the Play 1. Sound and features are such a better value. We have a Play 1 as well, but wish we had purchased two Play 3s instead.
Bought this hoping it would make my laptop run like NEW again and as soon as I put it in, IT DID! It holds a charge for hours and Im now mobile again. If your battery has died, purchase this product it's worth the money.
it came fast also I had no problems with it. the usb sound card worked for what I needed it to do and it did more then I needed ti to do. I needed it for me to use my mic no my turtle beach ear force x12 on my ps3 but when it did more when I needed it to do it worked. I used it on my pc and mac when my Logitech headset died I used it and it word well. so if you are looking at this item BY THE S*** OUT OF IT
I suppose I'm an idiot for thinking the speaker itself was wireless, so if anyone else is as ignorant as myself you now know the speaker must be plugged in to use. Once you download the app for your device, and plug in the speaker, your listening to music within seconds. Considering the small size of this speaker, the sound of the music is exceptional. Make it loud enough and you feel like you're in a recording studio.
Heat is the greatest enemy of the laptop computer. Every laptop I have had die on me died from heat issues. This cooler has one HUGE fan that puts out a lot of air and doesn't seem to draw much power. Protect your laptop, keep it cool. This may be the best way to do that.
this has stopped my laptop shutdown issues. is quiet. fan is even as it blows on the underside of the laptop. adjusts well to angles. can have on lap with no discomfort
omg I am loving my new mini ipad. it is my 2nd one. it was hard to find a lower price ipad but you have to be careful when you shop. make sure it is a brand new one.
I purchased one and then purchased another for my niece and I just bought a third one for back up , just in case. I absolutely love them. Quiet, slim, no problems at all. First one purchased in March 2014, next one in Nov 2014, the third one just today. I go through keyboards faster than fans. Maybe Cool Master needs to design keyboards...LOL
whoever uses these films know that these can get a little pricey. but 50 sheets for this price is a great deal. plus with the speedy service i got my film just in time for a great disney adventure with my nieces.
Excellent little hub, works well as a powered, switching usb hub. Unsure about speeds for read/write through this device; if that is your concern, then there might be other high speed, non-switching hubs better suited.
I love it the features are great my only thing that don't like that I can't use 4g data only 2g data and the fact that I didn't get any manual telling you about the phone an it features but it's way better than the s5
Router has been great with very good throughput. The admin interface is not the best and seems to be little finicky, but once you have this setup you shouldn't need to be in there much.
I previously had an original iPad and it was becoming very outdated (IOS). After purchasing the new iPad Mini, I am thrilled with the speed. I also love having a camera built in. I still have lots to learn about it, but I love it so far.
The screen is brilliant and fantastic. I read a lot of reviews about the different Chromebooks, and this Toshiba is definitely the best overall Chromebook out there as of today's date. Highly recommended if you are thinking about a Chromebook.
Not a bad little stereo, especially for the money. I have not experienced the issues that some other reviews have stated, like reception, lighting, and charging of cell phone. Installation instructions are vague but not a problem for any stereo shop or mechanically, or electronically inclined individual. Also it's so light weight that I thought they had sent me an empty box. Another note that may be of help is that there is a delayed shut-off so give it a minute before you think you've wired it wrong.
this product just works, right out of the box. the remote control was able to be programmed to my tv so i dont need a pair of remotes. it runs quietly and reacts quickly to whatever you tell it to do. lightweight and good looking. it just works!
I purchased this turn-table as a Christmas present for my boyfriend because it had such wonderful reviews. While it may not be much of a looker, the quality is surprising for the price-point. I initially planned to purchase one of those Crosley portable players, but after reading the reviews for those, I decided to choose function over form. So far, there have been no complaints. Sound quality is fine for us, the controls are nice, the size is perfect, and it is easy to use.
I opened the box, followed the instructions, and was running wi-fi in less than 10 minutes. I had read a review that stated the user interface was not very intuitive. I didn't find that to be the case. If you have ever installed a wireless router before, you should find this to be a simple task. If this is your first wireless router, it may take you a bit longer. Performance is great. I updated from an old a/g/n router and the speed difference is visibly notable. Seems to be a fast router at a great price point.
So far, so good. Product does exactly what I need it to do, I'm getting a kick out of listening to some old vinyl albums. Maybe if I get serious, I'll upgrade, but this does the job fine.
It was a pain when my laptop crashed during the game because of overheating. Now, I can play the game without worrying about a overheating,
I love the phone. I waited months for it to go in sale for 189$ it was worth it. It is quick. Easy to handle and the photo quality is amazing! I wouldnt get another phone. The only down part is that there is no cute phone cases like iphone. You will have to go to Snapmade.com and make one if you desire cute. And the app store is different. For example amazon doesn't have snapchat sadly. They have some chinese brand called Snapgrab. Its awful. But if they updated the app store to have it and etc then great. But for the most part it has every other app out there except snapchat lol. But i would suggest this phone to anyone.
For what it is, a compact wireless speaker, the Sonos Play:1 is an excellent piece of kit, as the Brits say. Well-built, well-designed, easy to use and good sound in a small package. Great addition to the Sonos speaker lineup.
I got this to listen to the Cincinnati Reds games and it works great. Decent reception and sound quality. I wish there was a little more play in the tuning knob but it works for what I need it.
listen to me for the price this is a great radio it does the job its light weghit easy to install and a great product i cant remember i think it came with a renote not sure oh ya and works great with a sub system so stop putting it off and just but it ok u wont regret it
Between my cordless mouse, my Garmin Vivofit and my scanner, I had a gang of things hooking up to my laptop. I decided to order this so anytime my laptop was brought home, I could hook up one Hub instead of each of my products. I was concerned that this wouldn't function as it should because of the terrific price, but since it had good reviews, I decided to give it a try. Believe what you read about this USB Hub. It's exactly what I wanted, it works great, and is easy to use (just plug it in). I highly recommend this!
awesome specs for the price if you can get it on sale around 200. Easily can add Google launcher & play and keep the Amazon ui also. Fyi Remember to swipe up in chrome to go back a page on this phone. Took me awhile to figure that out.

Everything came exactly as I wanted and it was very fast shipping. I am very happy with this company. The only thing was that my film box was the same fujifilm instax mini, except the picture wasn't of a girl, but instead two girls (must be an updated version). However I still got my 20 film pieces and it fits into my instax mini 8 film camera, so i'm happy :)
Purchased to enable use of iPhone 6 in home and car (VW) stereo system. Worked perfectly in both cases and I can control the media with my car touch screen system just as I could with my previous iPhone.
After a month the router is performing well. One or twice I had to reset the router because none of the devices were connecting. Other than that is good for the price. Set up couldl be better.
I got this player because half of my movies on my sylvania portable DVD player wouldn't show subtitles, and that's not cool, because I can no longer hear.
I was very excited about this phone to begin with, but wow. I use Amazon for everything so having it all on one device is awesome.I only have issues with getting used to the operating system, however that's just my fault. I love the ease and simplicity this phone has to offer. I only wish the Appstore had some of my favorite games without having to pay an arm and leg. But again that has nothing to with the phone. If your looking for a great phone with great design and feel then then look no further.
Went back to Roku after trying Amazon Fire. Convenience was most important. Fire did not have all the channel access Roku has. This Roku 3 is much faster than previous Roku 3 and comparable to Fire's speed.
This 50 pack of Fujimax Intax mini film is worth the money you're paying for. Just remember to take your photos wisely, because these films do run out pretty quickly .
Brought this radio cause after I bought my car was strapped for cash and it was worth it but the memory card slot never worked but hey it was twenty dollars so I didn't mind everything else worked fine
Love, love, love my min I-pad. Would hate to be without it. Wish I had the regular one too. Love Apple product. Recently went from a I phone to the Samsung Galaxy 5. Big mistake. Wish I had my old I phone back.
My friend's laptop was getting a lot of feedback from his headphone ports so i bought this for him to use instead.It works awesome and no feedback whatsoever!
I bought a Bose sound station when I got my iPhone 4- I paid a good amount for it so I needed a converter for the 30 pin to the lightening pin. This is perfect and works great!
The iPad has some significant scratches on the back but I purchased mine refurbished so I guess that's to be expected. I just wish that it would have been a little more clear on the description, BUT hey I love my ipad mini! I purchased it because my regular iPad was getting too big to haul around in my purse so the purchase of this one definitely wasn't necessary. All in all i'm very happy with my purchase!
I thought that since this was a 2.0 usb that there would be some problems. But it works great! The sound is very good, as if it is coming out of the mini jack. I have only used this on MacOS so I can't speak for the performance on a PC. For either platform, just be sure to select the proper output. Also, I advise using a usb extender with this so you don't run the risk of damaging your usb port if your headphone cord moves around.
My old PC is an i5, 8gb of RAM so it starts up pretty fast too; but i am still amazed with this machine's speed (4GB of RAM is pretty reasonable for this OS; please do not get the 2GB version). Loving the track-pad and all of its gestures (sliding to go back and forth, 3-finger-scrolling, 2-finger-scrolling; basically just like a Mac trackpad-- really convenient). Loving the keyboard, I like the feel when typing. The screen is the best of all, after having this baby I don't think I will ever be able to buy a laptop without an IPS display. Compared to Mac Retina screen, I seriously see no different, if not saying that the Chromebook screen is a little bit better and brighter. Thin and light-weight. I only own this baby for a month or so, but been loving it so far! Highly recommend this product! (if you don't need to edit video or photo, this can really be your primary machine!)
I just got it. It's awesome so far. I'm trying to install Google Play but i must say that i linked my Gmail accounts with the native email app and they work properly. I'll write more about it but so far i'm happy with. Screen is awesome. It's fast, good sound, etc
Sounds Amazing and works well with 2 other Play 1s and a soundbar. Size is perfect and completely fills a larger bathroom with sound (and base).
I did a lot of research on something that would play music wireless controlled by android phones and tablets. I was thinking about a Bluetooth radio, but ran across this device. I also bought the bridge so I could set this up in a remote location. (Sun room). Easy to set up. Just plugged them in, ran the software to add music and boom! There it was! It sounds amazing! A little on the pricey side but for the sound quality and great control apps, it is worth it! Now, for the only con which is minor to me. You can't play music to the system directly from your phone or tablet (music stored on phone or tablet) unless you plug cable from phone to back of system. But here is my solution. I have a drop box account on my phone, tablet, and computer. Then I have the drop box file with music in my sonos library. So I can take a song from phone or tablet and share it to drop box folder then refresh sonos library, and it will then play on sonos! Great system!
I would have never known how dependent i would have become, dont onow how i functioned without an ipad for so long. And this item was such a good purchase. It was practically new. Great comunication from the seller. She told me that this item was used as a demo only, so no previous owner but the store to show to potention buyers
Previously used Roku 1. This Roku 3 is infinitely faster, more easily connected to my network by Wifi, and cuts down buffering time when watching videos, especially on the Hulu channel. the Netflix channel on this machine is much more slick and useful for browsing. A great purchase.
After reading all the reviews and along with the promotion of $199 and one year of prime free, I decided to buy the unlocked Fire phone. For the price and quality of the phone itself, it is a GREAT value. All the features are simple and intuitive to use. It is super fast for browsing, email, and basic work related functions. It syncs perfectly with Google accts. T-mobile contacts and call related items works perfectly. Just be aware that you need a NANO sim card to get the phone working. The camera is excellent.
Love my fire phone blows the iPhones out of the water and on to the moon. I got mine on a deal 200 bucks for the phone and a year of prime can't beat that
Arrived on time and intact. Plugged it in and added four more ports to my laptop. Added a stereo speaker using one port and a camera in the other. Worked fine. Quality is good.
So there are ever-declining reasons to have an AM/FM portable radio...but this does whatever you may need it for, flawlessly, and it costs about as much as a Cheeseburger at a sit-down restaurant..
As someone has mentioned before this film is compatible to Polaroid 300 cameras. So if you want to save a couple dollars on instant film you should definitely purchase Instax Mini film instead of the polaroid one. Its cheaper and the quality is the same :)
Very friendly interface. Packs a lot into a small package. As long as you have great WiFi or a good workaround like a MoCA then this works great at providing streaming media from multiple sources.
We connected an external hard drive to this router and loaded all out music onto it. Now any device hooked to this wifi router can access the media files on it and we can play them anywhere within range. It's a pretty sweet setup

I've had an older chromebook that has been dropped at least 4 times. There are things rattling inside but it still works. The mouse-pad is a bit touchy and really only works well with a mouse now. This is why I bought a new one. I converted from Mac about 2 years ago and have never looked back. This new chromebook is very light, has absolutely everything I need, speakers are fantastic, it's very light and easy to slip into my enormous purse. Plus, the screen is off the hook. The newest updates with design and such are great. I'd be surprised if I ever go back to a traditional laptop.
Read about this router on line so I thought I would give it a try. Glad I did this router has performed flawless easy to install. My download speeds are the fastest they have ever been. Would recommend this to anyone great router.
This is a great product. The wire on the device is great compared to the cheaper ones. Why pay for two at half the price that do not work versus one good one that works. It' s like getting two for the price of one in the long run.
Great Router! Worth the extra money increased my wi-fi range inside of house considerably. Dual band seems to never be lacking in our neighborhood, so bars are always ample. After updating firmware the phone app is cool too.
This 4 port USB 3.0 port worked excellently to replace my older and defective amazon basic 4 port. Ultimately this hub will give you the best bang for your buck, and I highly recommend it.

Love it! Changed my life! This is so far superior to cable, and so much cheaper, I'm amazed that there are still cords left to be cut. When I go visit my brother with cable, I'm always struck at how much I hate the experience of watching cable compared to Netflix, Amazon, Youtube, and few other channels on my Roku
Wanted a spare, usb 2.0 hub as it works very well, and connects my 3.0 devices to my old usb 2.0 computer, was having issues with usb 3.0 external drives not working consistantly when plugged into my old computers usb 2.0 port, with the hub, they work everytime...
This Sony product like all others, no matter the price, is top quality. Do not let the low price fool you! The Durable Remote control is a plus, and even batteries are included! The Construction of Top Quality Plastics and Metals come together to form a beautiful design. You can preform the following options while viewing movies, or listening to CDs as well; Fast Forward, Rewind, Slow Play, Fast Play, Pause and even use the included Remote to control volume on a connected Home entertainment system. At just $50.00 this would have been a Great Product at a Great price! But for just $29.98, this is not just good, its bloody AMAZING! What in the world are you waiter for, GO BUY THIS DVD PLAYER, RIGHT NOW!
Have had several routers over the years. Signal travels over 65' through several rooms and provides reliable signal no matter how many devices access it. A good value for the price.
This is a small player this is simple and straight forward to use. Cable was long enough to connect easily to the TV hung on the wall above it.
Fantastic!!! Handy little device. Plug it into a USB on your PC and presto...you have four more USBs that you can turn on and off. Love it!!!
I love my GoPro! Its so versatile with all the different mounts and tripod applications and can be controlled by my phone which doubles as a viewfinder! If you don't plan on using it in extreme situations, definitely get a frame case for it because the audio quality with the waterproof case is terrible. You'll be thanking me later when you compare videos with and without the waterproof case.
Battery was a HP direct oem replacement identical to the failed battery. Product shipped on time, tracking information was accurate, received on date promised.
We bought the GoPro Hero 3 White edition for snorkeling in Hawaii. It's not our primary camera, so we didn't want the upgraded editions. We used it for both video and still shooting, and the pictures and video were great - very clear and bright. We were impressed with the f2 lens, which let a lot of light in - some cameras with smaller apertures give a much darker image underwater. The waterproof housing kept everything dry. We were also impressed with the battery life. The menus take a little getting used to, but that's true with any camera we've owned. Note that the camera does not have a screen for seeing what you're shooting, nor for viewing images afterwards - you just have to trust that you're shooting in the right direction, but the wide-angle lens helps a lot. We used this with a Sannysis floating handle, so that the camera would float if we let go of it - definitely a good idea for water use. We definitely recommend this camera!
Very fast router on both bands. A little hard to setup but this is my first dual band. I didn't realize that that means 2 separate networks with their own SSID and key. I have it in a cabinet my tv is sitting on and it runs fairly cool. Huge range and speed. Can't be happier. I don't need to use my WiFi extender any longer. This covers the range I used the extender to make up for my old router.
The instant I hooked up the Notepad X-Slam Cool Master, the air from the fan is keeping my Laptop was heating up like a Oven. I can easily feel the Laptop and notice the difference between the temperature and performance of my Laptop since today. It's only 20 bucks, what do you have to lose? I've had my Laptop for 4 years and this Cool Master just gave my Laptop a second chance of life, and it's like a quiet mouse now. Pick up the Cool Master and you won't regret the decision.
As a music lover and a vinyl collector, this is one of the best record players I have ever owned. Jensen is a reliable brand. The speakers are great for what they are. They are not the loudest, but they get the job done. I recommend getting some bigger speakers if you want to make the neighbors mad. If you listen to rock and guitar wailing records then the pitch adjust is a life saver. All in all I am extremely satisfied with this product. It is a great deal when it comes to the price and the quality.
It''s the only site I can get these pocket radios for my disabled son. Easy for him to manage. K-Mart has these also, but only in limited supply. I know I can go to Amazon and order as many as I want.
After reading some of the revues about this product, I was a little worried about how loud the noise from the fan would be. Not to worry, this is the quietest cooler that I have ever owned. Thankfully, as I'm going to be laid up in the hospital for a couple of weeks and the last thing I would need is a loud laptop cooler. It's easy to connect, works great with Windows 8.1 no extra drivers needed for it. It fits perfectly in the "AmazonBasics 15.6-inch laptop bag". Well worth the money.
I procured my GoPro to use on my paddle board but found so many other uses. The sound capture is really clear with both the skeleton back and the waterproof case. Great to give to children to see the world through their eyes. GoPro has captured some amazing moments with my child that I would have never fathomed capturing without a waterproof case. Stellar buy!
Working the way it should. I am paying for 30mbps. My old router was delivering 11mbps. Hooked up the Archer C7 speed test took me up to 27mbps. Plus, the install was easy. This is the first day of use, however, it is delivering what I expected. I have Fire TV and Roku and those hooked up to the 5 ghz.

I bought this radio for my father, he is used to hearing music while going to sleep. The radio is a perfect size and it streams the radio station clearly.
Worked like a charm. The audio jacks on my laptop stopped working and this adapter allowed me to continue wearing headphones while working on my laptop.
This is the best router I have it is long distance and speed is fast. Very happy with the purchase. If you want something cheaper with smaller wide range I'd say go with tplink wr84n
Bought this as a present for an18- year old great nephew who wanted to "get into vinyl." He loves the turntable and has been taking it with him when with friends. It has been a big hit. As a joke we let him borrow one of my wife's John Denver albums to listen to while he builds his collection. I'm told that this listener of Megadeth, Slipknot, Motley Cre, etc. has been observed listening to the Denver album multiple times in the last two weeks since receiving the turntable. Got to give him credit for being open and versatile, if not eclectic, with his music tastes.
Super great price and works fantastically! I'd stock up if i were you! I compared the prices of this 2-pack to the prices of the 5-packs or the 2 5-packs and came to the conclusion it was cheaper to just stick with buying the 2-packs! Its a great prices and definitely the cheapest and best option!
I just received my item today shipping was fast. I started using it right away and it is so quiet and my husband told me he wants on too. So I just ordered him one as well and it will be here in a couple of days.
iI wasnt sure how I was going to feel about ChromeOS, being web based and not having traditional applications.. but after using it for a bit, now I am completely satisfied with the purchase. I am a pro photographer, so I was unsure if this would meet my needs, but it is able to handle 98% of what I need a laptop to do (obviously my editing will always be desktop based). Super light, perfect size, beautiful screen, great style.. perfect for client meetings or dumping cards while on a shoot (sd reader and usb3 help in that regard). It boots in seconds, literally takes more time to type my password than start up. Awesome little machine, and for $300, its a no brainer, esp if you are already utilizing google products. Honestly, I like it quite a bit more than my previous macbook pro for my laptop needs.
Works great and made well. Love the extra port on top of the USB plug and the way you can hide the wires with the built in groves made for that purpose. And you definitely get more bang for your buck.
With the latest OS update from Amazon now available, the most glaring issues with this phone has been fixed. This new fork of the 2014 Android KitKat OS is a major improvement over the 2012 version of android (4.1) previously installed on the Fire phone. If you are hesitating to buy one due to it having such an old version of android installed, the new update is available for manual install (check XDA forums) or wait a few days for the OTA update to be released here in the States.
I really like the phone it was so easy to set up. Straight Talk works very well. I really received the phone in a very timely Manner.Thank you Amazon It really is a pleasure doing business with you.
I love this thing. I've used Mac computers for the last few years, but this does everything I need for a fraction of the cost. The speakers are great for watching a movie on Netflix. My only complaint is that I can't plug my iPhone into it to dump pictures. Totally worth the money!
This was perfect! I got it super fast, and the Fujifilm film works perfectly fine with my Polaroid 300! It's exactly the same as Polaroid film, but cheaper! I'm so happy I found this!!!!! :DDDDD
Its quiet, reliable and cooler then many of the other pads i've used before. My gaming laptop runs about 10C cooler then it ran without it. Its also very thin and no the least bit uncomfortable.
Works great on my Windows 10 laptop. The last set of updates killed my built-in Realtek (ALC-272) so it's been a few weeks with no audio. I just plugged this one in and it works great. Immediate sound again.
I bought it because the price was less than from Staples and HP. I wasn't sure it was an original battery as claimed, but having received and installed it, it's as good as the battery that came with the computer when originally purchased.
This was a great purchase. The film is much cheaper to order from this seller than to buy from Urban Outfitters which is what I usually do. Seller shipped promptly and everything was great.
Very happy with this purchase! I asked around a few before actually making my order but knew I wanted one in this price range. Needless to say I wasn't disappointed! The device plays excellent. The pitch adjustment knob is a great thing to have and helps me hear the records more clearly. If you're playing your music more personally this is a great one because the volume goes up to a low roar but can't be heard from more than a few rooms away at its highest. Personally how I enjoy it! As all the other reviews will say, its great to have a pair of external speakers for this one and I agree because it definitely won't be the life of any party on its own. Also the tone adjustment knob doesn't have an indicator of how high or low I'm turning it so I usually just don't use it. I honestly couldn't even tell you if mine works because I don't ever hear a difference when I try. Includes the adjustment piece to play 45 records as well so that won't be a problem. Also, if you're planning to copy your music from vinyl to digital, everything is included but very time consuming if you want all of your songs as separate audio files. Overall, great for any first turntable!
Enjoyed the product. Came sooner than expected and was in great condition; as it stated in the discription. I would recommend this product/buyer to anyone
I have a rather large laptop and for the past months I've had this it has worked quite well. Previously I had some tiny external fan which would constantly struggle and become jammed for whatever reason but this one has none of those issues. The fan is large enough and there is enough protection around it to prevent any dust from really interfering with its functionality. The blue light is neat but honestly I can barely see it even in the dark since it is placed under with the fan none the less it is a nice touch. If you can afford this fan I think it is worth it considering it should last pretty long.
Setup was simple. We have a small apartment so range isn't a problem. We have 100mb/s internet and we get 100mb/s + on our wireless speed. And when transferring files across the network over Wireless AC the speeds are phenomenal
Purchased this bc I did not want to deal with windows...broken windows. I am an Apple fan, own an iPhone 6 previously had 5 and recently sold a Mac Mini(purchased on Amazon) sold for a good price, I wanted a Macbook but common sense told me not to spend the $1400 for it. Having almost completely given up the notion to buy a computer and keep using my phone to search the web-I saw something about Google Chrome and felt compelled to research it. Turned out, it was rated highly(top 10) so, I decided to buy...and I love it!!! No, it does not have all the bells and whistles of the MB-BUT FOR THE PRICE, IT'S WAY BETTER THAN ANYTHING WITH WINDOWS OS!!!! There are plenty of links on Google to make it your own and it does not break your budget! Give it a try if you are open to something different, I don't think you will regret it!
This is a fantastic device. It's very small, but works quite well. It's extremely durable; where my last one broke within a month, the plug on this one doesn't even wiggle a little. The only complaint I have is that the volume is extremely high and, were it not for my headphone audio control, I'd have to keep it on 2 (on Windows 8.1) just to avoid ear pain. The quality is very good, however, and I still highly recommend it.
I just finished converting 62 old record albums to digital using this turntable. The albums were from the 50's and 60's. Some were stereo and some were Hi-Fi. One was from 1946 and was a series of eight 78 rpm records. The turntable worked flawlessly and it was easy. I recorded them into Audacity (Free) and cleaned then up removing clicks and pops and other sound problems. The end quality was better than the original albums. Admittedly I didn't require perfection but if I wanted that I should have bought a high dollar unit and spent much more time on it.
Well it works with my newly acquired iPhone 6. I use this adapter in conjunction with my PIE auxilary input adapter that's plugged into the factory radio in my car. It works like a charm. It charges and sends the audio signals to my radio like a BAUCE. Well worth the money so far. If something happens to it later on. I'll be sure to let yall know about it it fails.
All-in-all, this laptop is a joy to use, and a breath of fresh air from my past laptop experiences. I have spent $700 on a laptop, and that didn't hold a candle compared to this $330 beauty ($299 at the time of this writing). Between its lightweight body, beautiful screen, great speakers, and Chrome OS, I'm not sure I'll be able to find something in the same price area to compete with thi.Read more of my thoughts here: http://wp.me/p4niR7-jp
I'm using this for my HP laptop, I took someone's advice and put in the battery, I had about 40% charge, I waited until the battery drained out all the way in order to get it fully charged the first time. Well it took nearly 2 days for it to completely shut down, I didn't really use the laptop but goodness it took two days for it to actually shut off by itself LOL! I feel like this is a good buy, thanks! Also it has been working great as far as keeping charge, staying on, it's doing it's job!
Awesome! Router. I have Open-WRT installed on it and it runs beautifully. Wired connection I'm getting 66Mbps download speed. Wireless speeds are great though I do not use much. Copper rules! For under a $100 this is an Awesome deal.
This hub is great - I love the buttons which let me disconnect items easily. I have a RAID drive that my computer won't boot up with while connected (whether directly or through any hub) so this hub is exactly what I needed to easily disable the drive while booting so I don't have to constantly plug in/unplug the drive. It has a nice sturdy feel and while not the most beautiful computer accessory ever, it looks nice enough that I can leave it sitting out without cringing when I look at it.
Great phone,I love it and for 189.00 unlocked wow,Buy it,it's awesome loaded with features no other phone has and a free year of prime,Grab it now.
Keeps my laptop cool and it's very lightweight. It also keep my lap cool -- which can be good or not so good depending on how warm blooded you are. You can always turn the fan off.
This is a very very nice Ipad. The price was excellent. The Ipad came brand new, in the original box, and was very easy to set up. Only took five minutes to set up, and was already charged!... I originally purchased one for my 4 year old son, but then thought to buy myself the same model. I have been finding this online for $250 brand new, and it is worth it!!! I believe it's the iPad mini that is the first version [the version that came out in 2012 perhaps?]. It still receives all the updates and fit's very nicely inside my purse.
Better than expected. The absolute right price to use for those garage-sale favorites. Probably not for the collector who rarely plays the records, then has to take extraordinary care when they do. It is for those of us who love and play vinyl. And the bonus is the conversion to MP3 if you want. If you are going to be a purist, just think 60;s shelf components. Looks just like the changer with the dust cover lid, but no need to get the amp and the speakers.
No sure if it's truly an upgrade over my last router because my chromecast is still a tad laggy but I think the signal range is definitely better. All in all for the price, it does an awesome job.
This speaker is pure awesomeness! The bass and sound from it is so good and I didn't think it can get loud, boy was I wrong. This thing operates solely on wifi connection so if you don't have wifi this is useless for you. It takes less than 3 minutes to set it up and after the set up you can select from a wide selection of radios or apps to stream music from. Overall pretty good buy from sonos.
While the price was high, it got the job done. This cable has let me continue to use my phone in my car via a fm modulator after I updated phones from a 30 pin to a lighting cable.
I absolutely love this record player. The sound is good, it could be a little louder but i am not complaining. You can just buy speakers to plug it into. My only complain is that when i opened it out of the box, i found little traces of this white powder all over the record player, even on the table area where the disc sits, which is not very appealing when i first open the box. But no damage from the powder, I'm listening to a record now and it sounds great. Overall this is a great buy for the price!
Perfect! I purchased this radio for my dog to have on while I am away at work. It was a great alternative to leaving the tv on all day. He seems much happier and I am happier that it is battery operated and saves on power. :) Sound quality is great...even without having the antenna up. I highly recommend.
An amazingly powerful device that is simply amazing to look at. So convenient when I'm out and about.Once you learn the ChromeOS ecosystem its all plain sailing. Hasn't yet missed a beat and every day I learn more efficiency tweaks. Superb value as well. A big thumbs up to Toshiba and Google, I am now a convert.
I usually never write reviews but I had to this time. This camera works amazing and I don't regret purchasing this. It worked perfectly up until it had sound issues so I called GoPro and they had horrible customer service and wouldnt do anything for me. So I called amazon because i didn't know what else to do and Amazons customer service is THE BEST. The sent me a brand new one next day even though it was two months old and not in the 30 day period. They give you a shipping label and all you have to do is send it back within 30 days. Anyway this go pro has amazing quality and with numerous mounts this is the way to go to record any action sport you may do.
I really liked this Chromebook. It is perfect for what I use a laptop for. I may have to downgrade this rating though depending just how well Toshiba stands behind their product. The other day I came home from work, opened up the Chromebook and when the video started the screen was all dark with red, pink and green lines running through it. It never did come on and the screen got very hot in the center at the bottom. I've only had this thing for 3 months and it's never been abused and is still in "like new" condition. Initial calls to Toshiba did not sound promising. After I explained the issue I was having the very first thing out of the representatives mouth was "Well, that probably won't be covered by your warranty!" They stopped short of dashing my hopes completely but I certainly do not have a warm, fuzzy feeling at this point. So right now I am torn between a great little Chromebook that could turn into a bad memory.
This speaker and it's functionality is awesome. After making some simple settings, it comes on each morning playing the music want to hear. I can adjust and or change songs using my phone or tablet and it sounds great. Although it's not cheap, it's awesome.
iI have a buddy who has an older Hero2 and the latest Hero3+ Black Edition. After talking to him and looking at a bunch of his videos from each, I decided on the Hero3 White Edition based on what features I wanted. To me there was no question about the quality or reliability, these things are great for years. I wanted the ability to get HD 1080p vids at 30fps, but didn't have a reason to get the 60fps or the higher-res formats available in the Hero3+ Black. Those really are great features if you need them, the video quality is amazing, but wasn't necessary for me personally. One thing I learned about the White edition that i got is it has the ability to link to my iPhone (and other phones I'm sure but check the specs) and review videos or watch a live feed from the camera with only a few second delay, via a wifi connection using the GoPro app. I can also use the phone as a remote control for starting and stopping recording too, which for me makes having a separate remote unnecessary. Mine came with both the watertight enclosure and the skeleton back if you want clearer sound and don't need the protection. I wish GoPro included a little bit of memory with the package, you can't record without it. Separately I bought a 32GB Ultra Micro SDHC card, gives me more recording capacity than I need, many hours.
Outstanding cooler. Using for about a month now. No problems. Love the 160mm fan. Really pushes some air. For less than 20.00 bucks on sale you can't beat it. Very silent too. The piggy back USB is a plus. Made well. Very sturdy..
Way quieter than my previous Targus Chill pad which I needed to replace because the cable kept making the connect/disconnect noise on windows.It supports my 17.3" HP laptop well. 420/10 would bang and buy again.
I bought this item because I've wanted a record player for such a long time. I searched for different brands and kinds and read reviews that said "not good tone, not good pitch" but I didn't care for something that was high-tech and had so many different buttons, I wanted something that would simply play records. This is perfect. It's easy to handle, it's light, I can understand how to work it (I know nothing about record players). Apparently it plays 3 different size records (33, 78, 45) so you just flip a switch when you have a different sized records. It's really neat and I love having it.
I previously got the stick and I like it so much that I gave it to my mother. Then I miss it and got this one. The only difference is that this one got games, but I got it for the headphones
So far I love this battery! I was skeptical before I purchased it, but I'm glad that I did. My battery was manufactured on 02/14 and it works great. I'm super happy that I no longer have to be glued to an outlet! The battery life so far is just about what my original battery life was (about 2.5 hours) so I'm completely satisfied with this purchase. It's only been about a week so I will update my review if anything changes.
Why did I not buy this before?! I have killed far too many headphones and ear buds because of how my hand rests when I'm writing. The only better solution would be if it was flat.
This is the best cooling pad for my laptop because it has not broken down at all and I have been using this product for a long time! It cools my laptop and the fan works great! I am happy with this product!!
Does it sound awesome? No. Will it last forever? No. Does it do what t says it will? Yes. Was it less than $50? Yes. Would I buy it again? Yes. This is exactly what you would expect a $50 plastic record player to be. The cool thing is it does what it says it will and my youngest daughter loves it! I haven't tried converting any of my old albums yet but my daughter has and says it worked just fine. It all boils down to who you're buying it for and what you want it to do. Obviously this is not for the audiophile. But for a lot of people, this is a great little turntable and you can't beat the price!
Works perfectly and my computer even recognizes each as separate ports. Has showed no sign of bogging down my laptop even when i have multiple running at the same time. The on/off switches are great too
I really like this. Makes it easy to switch between devices without having to access the back of my CPU, and I like that I can easily turn devices on and off as well. The blue backlighting is also a neat touch. One pleasant unexpected result .. my Logitech Wireless Mouse used to frequently freeze up before when it was plugged directly into my CPU, but has performed flawlessly since I attached it through this hub. Go figure.
Excellent radio. I have little experience with replacing electronics and this was far easier than i thought it would be. It works great and if it works so well with my '91 chevy s10 itll work with anybody.
Impulse buy...now I will never go without one. Works perfectly. I guess the newer ones already have the firmware updated because mine had no paper saying to update it first, like I saw on some video reviews. The video is surprisingly steady when mounted to my motorcycle for track day sessions. On the street, only the worst bumps upset the footage. I was worried about getting just the "white" version. I couldn't be happier. FYI, get the GoPro App from google play for your smartphone, it makes the whole thing that much better. You can position your GoPro to frame exactly what you want to film with total ease. It's the perfect remote. I don't even use the menu on the camera, I just use my phone. You can aim the camera, view in real time, change resolution, watch, delete or share clips. Just about everything your GoPro can do, you can control from your phone. Now I have mounts on all of my motorcycles, mountain bike, car, helmets, everwhere. Drives my wife crazy :-) Too many clips of my nine year old to count.
I was glad to find a new battery for my laptop. It was very affordable for a brand new one. Now I know where to look in the future for some things that I might need. Thanks Amazon.com
Put this radio in a golf cart. Just the right size, tho the sound isn't loud enough... that could be the fault of the speakers we used however
Great range, easy setup. People need to start thinking of their router as an appliance, and the one you use the most. An incredible value for the price.
I love this turntable. It was priced super reasonable and it works great. I almost passed on it because I read reviews about the built in speakers being tinny. I am convinced that those reviews are from people that never listened to records on turntables in the 70s. This thing is awesome. It is almost disappointing that it automatically eliminates a lot of the natural record/needle noise. The music coming out of the internal speakers is high quality, I can't imagine out of a Bose or even into a regular stereo. I'm a very satisfied owner of this product that is loving listening to his albums after 30 plus years. I purchased the turntable to convert all of my albums to digital and this is the ticket. The software that comes with it will let you do way more than I am even capable of understanding, but if you just want to convert your albums to digital or even just listen to them again, this is a no brainer.
After reading the reviews I carefully reviwed my order making sure Amazon matched me with the MINI 7 film and they did. I am usually reallt good at checking my orders but make sure you READ all the item description and the packaging! But YES it is the right film and works perfect in the Mini camerea!
OEM HP battery at a very low price. Works just as good as the one supplied with new computer. Allows me to keep working on the computer during long trips where charging is not possible.
Best phone I have had so far... the exclusive content and fetures from amazon make it the awesome... Not to mention how easy it is to download google play to get endels apps....
Fast delivery. Unit has been working great! It is being used in a bedroom on a separate floor from the router, and still streams without any buffering or hesitation whatsoever! Def happy with my purchase AND this seller. Thank you!!
Works great! Perfect for travel! I use it when I go fishing. Was worried it would be tough to tune because it is a dial and not digital but tunes in great! Can be quiet but also can be VERY loud that it actually modulates the sound. I would recommend this to everyone!
Quite simply, the most useful piece of computer technology I have so far owned.Was expecting it to be an online-only tool, except for email and documents etc but pleasantly surprised by the number and power of apps that can also be used offline e.g.wevideo for video editing.If I had the budget, I would buy the Google Pixel version for the physical build in metal- but the Tosh CB35 HD version is all I need
I had bought this for my boyfriend for christmas, and he absolutely loves it. He can hook it up to an app on his phone. and it works really well, and has good quality.
I use one of these on tablets and laptops with no microphone ports to record drums. It's never let me down. Plug and play.
Bought this for my mother in a nursing home....small and lightweight. It's a Sony....so it's great quality. Exactly what she needed. Great DVD player for the price. I would recommend for a Camper or Dorm perhaps. Excellent product----highly recommend.
I'm giving it 5 stars and I am glad I chose this record player over others available. It is a lot of fun too! High quality build. I have only one CON to list. The 45 rpm adapter does not stay put in it's storage well during transport. It could be easily lost if not careful. I had more luck leaving the adapter on the turntable while transporting it form one place to another. Quality and operational wise it deserves 5 stars. Over all well done Jensen! Recommended.
I use this iPad for class and it is perfect for throwing into my book bag and taking notes on during class. The size makes it easy to carry and bring everywhere
The Hero3 is an excellent choice in value between the other options available today. The video quality this camera records is superb. The newer models do have better options for frame rate and even 4K video but the average user honestly doesn't need all these options. This model has the ability to transmit to the GoPro cellphone app directly from the camera via a secure Wi-Fi connection. I found this option to be incredibly useful when capturing and checking video's while away from a computer. This feature is a necessity. The biggest gripe i have about the camera is the poor battery life. Purchasing an extra battery and/or the battery backpack is a must.
I was truly blown away!!! Bluetooth, 3 FM programable bands, USB and SD card slot - All I can say is "WOW" this thing installed like a dream, easy to wire, and sounds great...I'm still waiting for the bill to come in the mail saying I owe another $100 bucks - LOL - really what a deal for only $25.00 XO Vision you really RoCK!!! - thanks so much for an amazing product -
After reading the other reviews I decided to go with this radio and was not disappointed. It gets good reception, nice and compact and is perfect for my needs.
made my surface my computer after I broke the screen works great I have the Anker 2.4G Portable Wireless Mouse connected too it and the logitek keboard I got from amazon too
I like many other people searched until my fingers flew off researching the Chromebook field. A little background. I initially had two Chromebooks (11.6 Samsung and 14 HP) just after they were released and at that time I really enjoyed them but felt that I probably needed something bigger. I invested in a 13" Macbook Pro and am very happy with it however... like most average consumers I do 90% or more of my computing using a browser. The other 10% is done on my Macbook Pro and really that's only to edit photos (and I can do that just as well with a browser based app). I now store my photos on a personal external HDD and up in the cloud, this makes sharing so much easier. My new Samsung 2 arrived. Un-boxed and plugged in for 30 minutes and battery was full charge. Opened it up and WOW! This display is awesome. Very bright and colorful. This HD IPS display is really something else. My previous ones were the normal dull low resolution models which were fine but this one stands out. Yes it looks like my Macbook Pro and you know I think it manages the web faster! The keyboard is solid and very easy to get used to The track pad is find but has a bit of a rough surface (it's not glass) but responds just fine. This Chromebook looks great, is light weight, quite solid for being a plastic body, the sound is above average and the web camera can take a decent photo. For a 13" Chromebook this one rocks. It looks and feels even better then my Mac. I'm very happy and excited to be back in the Chromebook seat again. I'll keep the Macbook because it has an optical drive so I can copy our old VHSc tapes to disc. By the way, I've been on this all evening and the battery is still at 86%. I'm glad to be back with a Chromebook and I'm very happy with this Toshiba!
Love it! Does not eat up batteries! I have been using it in the bathroom while taking a shower. I have not changed the batteries since November and I have been using it everyday. Picks up signal even if there is no window in bathroom. Sound is loud enough even if shower is running.
Thanks to Amazon Prime, I received my DVD player on Sunday, just as promised! Took no time to set up and starting playing my movies immediately and it was great! The Phillips DVD player I purchased at Walmart didn't make it one week! I am confident, this one is going to do better, so far so very good!
I gave this five stars because I got exactly what I expected - five packs of Instax Mini film for $38.12. Upon further research, I realized it's much less expensive to buy the double packs ($13.40 each). If you buy three double packs of film for $13.40 each it's only $40.20 and it's still available on Amazon Prime so shipping is free. That's definitely what I'll be doing next time.
I bought these for my students to make documentaries. They are hardy, easy to use, and very kid-friendly. Like any new "toy" the fun is with exploring and learning how it worksthis was a fun and exciting process for me and my students. Battery life is more than adequateespecially combined with a back-up battery and charger. Using the GoPro Studio software, the class is making some pretty cool documentaries. There are other cams available for such projects, but I wanted a cam that could handle extensive kid use, and was easy to usethe GoPro works!
I don't understand all of the negative reviews about this phone. I love it. I own an iphone 5 and a samsung galaxy phone. The fire phone is my go to phone. Yes, I side loaded some of the apps that were not available in the amazon app store but so what. The phone runs flawlessly and it is quick. I would buy it again
My HP's battery stopped holding a charge almost exactly 18 months after I bought the laptop, and I bought this to replace it. It's been about 10 months since I bought it and it's going strong. I'll probably have to buy another one in a year or so.
Price point is really high, but this cable enabled me to hook my iphone 5s to my car stereo, where it transmits audio in addition to charging. The extra bit of length helps too.
The screen images are crisp and it does everything I need at a bargain price. It obviously not an Apple laptop but I don't need or want one of those. You are limited with the cloud based system but if your needs do not exdeed your limits then it really doesn't matter. This machine is plenty fast and very convenient. Battery life seems more than adequate.
I'm a stay at home mother and if the tv is on during the day its almost always cartoons. By the time my husband would home and my LO was in bed I didn't get a chance to relax and watch what I wanted to watch on tv. I mainly just watch tv shows so decided to buy this instead of installing another att box that wouldn't get used a whole lot. I LOVE MY ROKU!!!! I get to watch WHAT I want WHEN I want and can even fast-forward or rewind which I cant do with a tv provider.
This cable does the job. I've used other adapters that are not as well constructed, hello electrical problems, in various other issues. This cable, comes from Apple, has great build quality, and work perfectly for my application. I use this to adapt an old system in my car to my iPhone and my iPad. It worked out-of-the-box with no questions, And I'm glad I spent the extra money as it's directly solved my connection problem in the best way possible. I would highly recommend going this route rather than a cheaper one. I bought many dozens of cables, and For this application, based on other reviews of other cables etc., I thought this was the best solution. Now that I have I'm convinced it is.
Worked perfectly, albeit very expensive for what it is. Necessary to get audio functionality adapted to older Iphone inputs. Don't try the cheap China made knock-offs; most likely won't work eventhough they look the same.
I bought this Fujifilm Instax Mini Instant Film, 10 Sheets (5-Pack) for my new Fuji instant camera and the pics have good quality.
Works perfectly adapting my Sony sound system with older iPhone 30 pin connector to my new iPhone 6. Charges and plays music at the same time. I wish it came in black too...
Cheapest film. Price was cheaper than bhphotovideo! Shipping free too! Expiration date was over a year away. Buy in bulk for massive savings! Thanks amazon!
This replaced a built in DVD player that was in a 19" television set. I used it to entertain my kitties while I work, and was sad when the player quit working. This was a great price, and once I figured out how to get it going with the set, my kitties were so happy to see their movies again! It's a nice player that I can also use to watch movies on my large set, so it will get used a lot!
It works, asking nothing more. Have not run benchmarks, but it works. Was there something else. Oh, yes, it works and no complaints. Nuff said.
Wonderful. Easy to set up. More fun if you have Sonos speakers in multiple rooms -- sometimes I walk through the house with all of the speakers grouped and it sounds awesome.
My battery was so bad that as soon as I disconnected it from a power source, my computer would die. This is just like the original battery, and it works perfectly. I've had it for about three months now, and it works great.
Working very well so far. I like to have the on-off buttons for each individual outlet, so I can mount and demount a hard drive without unplugging. Most hard drives nowadays don't have on-off buttons; but when a hard drive in mounted to the computer, even when it's not being used, the computer will ramp it up and down on a regular basis, which adds unnecessary wear and tear, and can be noisy with some drives
it was so good to get a radio back in the car that was not AM. My mood got better once FM was back. AM radio is just to depressing.Was easy to put in, a little light weigt but good sound and performance.
Perfect petite size for my instax mini 8! Love clipping them onto my lights with little clothespins :) came quickly & even was able to to be bundled with my camera. Will definitely buy more!
I bought this to connect an Iphone 6plus to my old Bose sound dock. It works perfectly for this, although I wish the cable could be a little bit longer.
Good morning just want to write a quick review about this for aunt and uncle and they enjoyed it immensely thank you for having such reasonably priced items
I bought this because I was having trouble getting Windows to recognize my speakers. No problem with this device. I use it on Windows and Linux with no problem. Highly recommended.
Quite pleased with this Sony AM/FM radio. The good audio for me especially while listening and doing chores around the yard outside. Happy with the reception as I'm typically listening to baseball games.
it's just extra slots. ..wish the manufacturers would attach a cord that swivels or adjusts so it will sit flat matter what position it's in..
I love this speaker! If you already have a Sonos system, this is great for any room you don't already have a speaker for. Since it's portable, you can unplug it and move it to anywhere you want to enjoy your system. The sound is awesome and you can turn it up loud enough to fill any room (and nice base!). And just so you know, this is not a fake review. I'm an Amazonoholic and read a ton of reviews on everything I purchase and I can clearly tell when I read one that was planted. This speaker is worth every penny I spent on it, not to mention from box to music was no more than 5 minutes! If you've been thinking about getting one, go ahead and pull the trigger, this thing jams!
I had been looking for a new phone since I was very unhappy with my Nokia, I had always liked Samsung but they were priced to high so I checked into the fire phone again and the reviews were much better than when it first came out, and I am a fan of the kindle, and the price was right for the unlocked version along with a year of prime. I wasn`t sure what I would think but it had to be better than what I had, I liked alright right away but as I got used to it I started really liking how it worked and really started to wonder why it had the bad reviews, but I understand it just happens to work great on everything I want in a phone, I`ve had it for about two months now and it`s by far the best phone I`ve ever used, and its got plenty of storage, and had played every format of video I put on it, and at this point it`s hard to find anything bad about it, the battery could last longer but that`s not a big problem. It will take a little time to get used to it, but once you do its easier and more handy to use than any other phone I`ve used,
Love love love. I was super concerned about upgrading to the iphone 6 and not being able to use it in my car. Works perfect in my 2010 Nissan Sentra
Arrived quickly and fit and worked perfectly. A lot cheaper than other sites. Ordering was easy as I could look at the photo to make sure it matched up.
I bought it for my mom so she can listen her old records, and I swear to God that I've never seen her so excited with a present. it was definetly a good choise.It works very good. Good sound and volume. perfect size
$189-$99 (Prime Membership) = $90 Kindle. 13 mp camera, great display, solid build quality. Dynamic Perspective is extremely unique & compelling. Auto Scroll alone is worth the price of admission
A great deal for a nice "compact" DVD/CD player. I enjoy being able to watch movies and my own room and not wait in line for the dvd player in the living room after both the kids.
For Playstation 3 users: If you connect your headset to it then you should be able to use it for gaming. Tested it out a few hours ago when I got it and it worked like a charm for me (I'm not going to guarantee that it'll work for you but it worked for me).
This is the best way to beat the cable companies, the channels are endless, one can link it up with Amazon, Netflix...and others....no more cable bills, excellent clarity on pictures.....totally a good deal.
This is a great little radio. I like to listen to AM radio and it has been hard to find something with good reception; but this radio is excellent. And it's small enough that I can take it with me when I exercise. I'm very pleased with this purchase.
This is a great little inexpensive stereo. I needed something for an older pick-up I seldom use. The radio works great, and the lack of a CD unit was fine as I have my music on USB thumb drives and SD cards, which is WAY more useful. If one does not need super loud "Boom Box" sound or Sat-Nav/Blu-Tooth, this is an excellent choice. And for seldom used or older vehicles, it will give you outstanding entertainment that is easy (and affordable) to replace if stolen.
I run a business and do most of my work in browsers so I thought I'd try a chromebook. I also run a podcast. I've had it for about 5 days and I have to say I love it. I've recorded a couple podcast episodes already and it went well. It's super fast. I always have many tabs open to do online marketing so I didn't want it to get slowed down. The battery lasts all day. The keyboard feels good too. The screen quality is awesome and there is a noticable difference with the speakers. I love it!
this DVD player came in good time and was shipped in good condition. The set up was easy and it worked with our previous cords. the instructions were easy and it works wonderfully. I like the ease with loading and unloading. I am happy that we chose this machine. Just good reception and all around ease of handling.
It works and you can turn on and off each port. It works on my 360 for the wireless adapter (I have first gen) and play and charge and kinect. I would buy again.
had to get this coz my old macbook just isnt operatioal anymore.love its functionality and quality . good job toshiba ! . so glad i got this for my junior high daughter. great display and texts might be small at first, u can easily adjust them. perfect for web browsing the net than a tablet or phone. so user friendly. chrome ios is legit. i cant wait til they come out with a CB3 and a 15 inch chromebook. also, for a case, i highly reccomend this : http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00QFS1EFG/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o01_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1 by nuvur
My battery was so bad that as soon as I disconnected it from a power source, my computer would die. This is just like the original battery, and it works perfectly. I've had it for about three months now, and it works great.
Great sound, very loud. I am very impressed with this unit. I took a chance and ordered it and it does everything it should. I installed it in my boat and am very pleased with it.
Bought this to replace an old g-router. Better than I anticipated. Set-up was simple, and connection/speeds are EXCELLENT. I'm getting better than 130mps downstairs with the router upstairs behind a computer. Haven't had dropped connections like it constantly did with my old g-router. Love the dual 2.4/5 GHz bands.
I purchased this one for my mom. I have one for myself. It is a great little radio that boosts some good sounds. The dial is very easy to use for anyone. I bought it for my mom because it is simple and does not need any manual reading. Put batteries in and go! Whatever your level of expertise, it is a great radio to have around the house or to bring with you.
This is an apple product, just as described! I bought it to use with my docking station that is older and I wanted one that I didn't have the take the phone case off. This product worked perfect!
Awesome!!! Works peeled early to extend my Mini Coopers Y Cable. I also needed something with a thinner tip so i can charge my phone with my case on. Highly recommend this product.
Great little AM/FM portable radio that uses penlight (AA) batteries which seem to last a very long time. I have several of these for trips and camping. You do need to extend the whip antenna for weaker FM stations. The tuning LED is a big help
It's actually better than I expected. The camera is very "forgiving" of light and distance changes. I really didn't expect the focus to be as good as it is since it's a fixed focus camera. If you get one, go ahead and get a few accessories, like suction cup mount and either a handle bar mount or roll bar mount. My only complaint is that they didn't have these when I was a lot younger!
This is a great unit for the money . It took one hour to install and that was because it had a deferent connector then the old one . Came with correct bracket . Plugged in my SD card with all my all my music , about 40 CDs. It sounds Great and controls are easy . Came on time .
very good works great, it is very small so read the dimensions. i love the remote, you can skip chapters, and fast forward.
This is by far the best investment I ever made. After years of paying over $100 for cable. Watching the same things everyday. Paying for a bunch of channels I never watch. I am so glad I was told about this. I'm addicted!! With so many options I want to stay in bed all day just watching my roku
I have a 2000 Ford Ranger I just installed this radio myself and I was a little bit skittish on how it would sound because all of you people on here are bad mouthing it but it is one of the best sounding stereos I've had and it was cheap I like it five stars
We are a Sonos family for sure---and we purchased two of these SONOS PLAY:1s to combine with the Sonos sound bar to have a surround sound experience when we watch TV. Works great--we placed them on each side of us just behind the sofa. Very pleased. Excellent quality. Sonos has never disappointed us yet! We will continue to purchase their products.
boosted my signal a lot I get better internet and faster do not spend money on anything more this his rated in the top 5 in the country
Now, I'll admit that I was really, REALLY avoiding paying for this adapter, but I'm so glad that I sucked it up and did it. I went through a series of cheaper options, and was disappointed each and every time since none of them worked. However, once I got this product, I could immediately notice the difference in quality, and it worked perfectly. Save yourself the trouble and heartache. Just buy the real thing. Good luck, guys!
